do directly to landmark three without leaving the purple room .
navigate to the green room through the orange room .
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
always pass landmark one before landmark two .
navigate to landmark one through the first floor .
move to the green room without leaving the second floor .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark three .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the yellow room .
go through the orange room then to the third floor .
go to the red room through the orange room
avoid the orange room until you enter the red room .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the green room .
navigate to the second floor always passing through the first floor .
go to the second floor before you go to the first floor .
move to landmark three without leaving the first floor .
go to the purple room through the yellow room .
go through the red room before going to landmark one
go to landmark two but do not enter the green room first .
go to the red room while staying on the third floor .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the purple room .
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark three .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark two .
go to a spot in the yellow room , but do n't touch landmark one .
go to landmark two while avoiding going through any other objects
go to landmark one then go to the first floor .
go to the third floor then go to landmark one .
go to landmark one and avoid the orange room .
without leaving the first floor go to the green room .
go to the blue room while staying on the third floor .
go to landmark one and then go to the blue room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the green room .
go through the red room to landmark three .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the blue room
navigate to the purple room after going to the third floor .
go to the second floor but never go to the red room .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark three .
go to the red room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark two
go to the third floor and avoid the orange room .
go to landmark three then go to the third floor .
go to third floor and then to landmark two
go to the blue room through the second floor
avoid the green room until going to the orange room .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the blue room .
move to landmark two , but travel to the onest floor first .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark one .
go to the blue room through the third floor
go to landmark one through the orange room .
go to the purple room , then go to the third floor .
move to landmark one .
while remaining within the yellow room , go to landmark three .
avoid landmark three and go to the third floor .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark two
pass through landmark three on your way to the second floor .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the blue room .
go to the third floor and avoid the red room .
move to landmark two but avoid landmark three .
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
go to landmark two and then go to the purple room .
navigate from the second floor to the red room .
avoid the green room and travel to the yellow room .
move to the red room and then the purple room .
pass through the orange room before going to the second floor .
go to the blue room and avoid landmark one .
go to the red room while always avoiding the yellow room
navigate to the green room .
avoid the orange room and go to the purple room .
go to second floor without going into the orange room
avoid the green room until after navigating to the orange room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two. if you reached landmark two then you can go to landmark one .
go to landmark three
go to the first floor , then go to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the green room .
travel through the purple room then go to the green room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark one
always go through landmark one and then to the orange room .
go to the red room , then go to landmark one .
go to the second floor and avoid landmark two .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the yellow room
go to the second floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the yellow room before going to the purple room .
move to the third floor without entering the green room .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the purple room .
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark one .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark two .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the red room
go to landmark one after going to landmark three .
go to the first floor always avoiding the purple room .
go to the orange room and avoid the green room .
go through the purple room , then make your way to landmark two .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark two .
go to the orange room without going to the red room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the red room .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark three .
navigate to landmark one , always avoiding landmark three .
without stepping outside of the purple room , go to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room and go to the red room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the purple room .
go through the purple room , then make your way to landmark three .
go to landmark three before going to the first floor .
go to the red room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark three .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark three .
avoid the red room on your way to landmark two .
go through the red room before going to the purple room .
head to landmark two after going to the purple room .
go to the onest floor through the purple room
navigate to the third floor but do n't ever go to landmark two .
proceed to the purple room by going through the green room .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the orange room .
go from the onest floor to landmark three
go to the orange room by touching the yellow room .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the yellow room .
go to landmark three but always stay away from landmark one .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the second floor .
navigate to landmark two through the purple room .
move to the first floor , travelling through the orange room .
go to landmark one while staying on the second floor .
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark one .
go to landmark one , then down to the purple room .
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark one
navigate to the blue room by passing through the second floor .
go to the second floor and then head to landmark three .
avoid landmark two and go to the first floor .
go from the twond floor to the blue room
always avoid landmark one and go to the orange room .
go to landmark three but do not enter the green room first .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the purple room .
move to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark two .
stay on the third floor and go to the red room .
go to landmark one , then go to landmark three
go to the second floor then go to the green room
avoid the purple room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark two .
go to the yellow room and then go to the red room .
go to landmark three , avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the blue room
go to the onest floor through the red room
go to the red room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the orange room .
first go to the red room and then go to landmark one .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the first floor .
always avoid the orange room , go to landmark two .
go to the red room through landmark two
avoid the green room until going to the yellow room .
head to landmark three after going to the green room .
go to the second floor , and then go to the first floor .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark one .
avoid the green room until you go to the orange room .
go to landmark one , then down to the green room .
go to the orange room through landmark two .
go to landmark three through the red room .
go to landmark one via the third floor .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go to the third floor via the orange room .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
got to landmark one through the green room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
go to the orange room through the blue room
go to the orange room and go down to the onest floor .
move to the purple room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark two .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to first floor .
avoid landmark three until after reaching landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until going to the green room .
go to landmark one through the purple room .
avoid the purple room and go to the yellow room .
move to the orange room then continue to the red room .
do n't go into the red room until going to landmark three
go to landmark one by only navigating within the purple room .
go to landmark two then go to the second floor .
go to landmark three and avoid the orange room .
without leaving the first floor go to the orange room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the green room
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the red room
go to the red room without going through the green room .
avoid the blue room until after going to the first floor .
navigate to the first floor via the orange room .
go through landmark three then go to landmark one .
go to the first floor without going to the purple room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the green room .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the purple room .
pass through the orange room before going to the third floor .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the red room .
avoid the green room until you enter the orange room .
avoid the red room until going to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until reaching the second floor .
avoid the orange room until you go to the green room .
go to the green room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the purple room .
avoid landmark one until after you go to landmark two .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the blue room .
go to second floor without going into the blue room
go to the orange room and then go to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the first floor .
go to the orange room while staying on the first floor .
avoid landmark one and go to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until going to the second floor .
go to the second floor by going through landmark one .
go to landmark two and remain within the orange room .
go to the third floor then go landmark one .
go to the second floor but do not go through the red room first .
go to the green room without going through the yellow room .
proceed to the blue room but do n't leave the third floor .
go to the second floor but avoid the yellow room .
go from the purple room to the red room
go through landmark three and navigate to the orange room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the purple room .
go to the third floor , then go to the blue room .
go to the second floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the purple room , or be done .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark one .
do n't go into the purple room until going to landmark one
head to the red room but first go to the first floor .
go to landmark one and then to landmark two .
go to the blue room , then go to the second floor .
go through the red room and navigate to the first floor .
go to a spot in the red room , but do n't touch landmark one .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark three .
avoid landmark one and proceed to landmark two
go to the second floor then move to the orange room .
go to the blue room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
go to the purple room and then go to the yellow room .
stay on the third floor while going to the yellow room .
go to the green room through the third floor
stay on the first floor and go to the orange room .
go to landmark one and then go to the onest floor .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the red room .
go to the green room by first going through landmark one .
go to the first floor , then go to the blue room .
go to or through landmark two. always avoid going to landmark two through landmark one
go to landmark two but avoid landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the green room .
avoid landmark one until going to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the blue room .
remain on the first floor and move to the orange room .
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark two
avoid the blue room until landmark one .
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the orange room .
go to the orange room by touching the purple room .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark two
go to landmark three but do not enter the red room first .
go to landmark two avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark two .
first go to to landmark three then go to the green room .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark one .
go through the orange room then to the second floor .
avoid landmark one and move into the red room .
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark three .
go to landmark one through the yellow room
go to landmark one then go to landmark three .
navigate from the first floor to the green room .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the red room .
always avoid going to landmark three through the yellow room
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark three
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
always go through the red room to get to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark two .
remain on the second floor while going to the purple room .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to the red room by first going through the orange room .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the yellow room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the orange room
always avoid the green room , go to the first floor .
go to landmark three while avoiding the first and third floor .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the third floor .
go from the onest floor to landmark one
go to the red room by first going through the yellow room .
avoid landmark three and go to the orange room .
navigate to landmark three through the purple room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark three .
go through the third floor to the yellow room .
without leaving the third floor go to the green room .
go up to the second floor without going to landmark three .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the orange room .
go from twond floor to green room .
always avoid the green room , go to landmark one .
stay on the first floor while going to the red room .
navigate to the green room after going to the first floor .
head to the purple room but first go to the second floor .
navigate through landmark three and go to the purple room .
go to landmark two and remain within the purple room .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the yellow room .
go to landmark one and avoid the yellow room .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark one .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark three .
navigate to the third floor before going to the red room .
navigate to the orange room staying on the second floor .
go from the twond floor to the blue room
head to landmark one after going to the blue room .
always go through the green room and then to landmark one .
move to the green room then continue to the purple room .
go to the third floor before you go to the first floor .
do n't leave the orange room and go to landmark three .
always avoid landmark three and go to the first floor .
go to the first floor and then go directly to the second floor .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the purple room .
navigate to the green room after going to the third floor .
go to landmark two avoiding the first and third floors .
go through the yellow room to the red room .
go to the second floor
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark one
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark three .
move to landmark three , but travel to the onest floor first .
go to landmark three through the purple room .
avoid the purple room until going to the third floor .
go to landmark two without changing floors .
always avoid going to landmark one through the yellow room
first go to to landmark two then go to the orange room .
go to the first floor and then go to the purple room .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark one .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark three
avoid the orange room until after going to the third floor .
move to the blue room without changing floors .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the blue room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the purple room .
always avoid the red room and go to the purple room .
move to landmark three. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
navigate to the third floor through the blue room .
go to the second floor , then go to the blue room .
go to the red room by touching the yellow room .
go to landmark one before going to the orange room
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark two
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the purple room
go to third floor without going into the red room
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark one .
always avoid the purple room and go to the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor , avoiding landmark one .
do n't go into the blue room until going to landmark two
go through the yellow room to the green room .
go to the first floor then go to the yellow room
go through the green room first , then go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room , navigate to the orange room .
go to the first floor by first going through the yellow room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the blue room .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark one .
go to the second floor , then go to the purple room .
go through landmark one to landmark two .
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the red room .
go to landmark three and then go to the onest floor .
navigate to the orange room after going to the first floor .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark one
go to the third floor while always avoiding the purple room .
go to landmark one through the onest floor
always avoid the red room , go to landmark three .
go to the green room , then go to the red room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the yellow room
go from twond floor to orange room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark three .
visit the green room and then move to the second floor .
always avoid going to landmark two through the yellow room
avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
go from the second floor to the blue room .
pass through the blue room before going to the second floor .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark two .
avoid the blue room and travel to the green room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark two .
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark two .
navigate to landmark three through the second floor .
go to or through landmark three avoiding going through landmark one
go to the green room without going to landmark two .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
go to the purple room but do not enter the yellow room first .
navigate from the first floor to the purple room .
go through the yellow room before going to the orange room .
go through the red room to the second floor .
go to the first floor then go landmark three .
avoid landmark three until after reaching landmark one .
go from the twond floor to the purple room
go to the twond floor and then go to the purple room .
go to landmark two but always stay away from landmark one .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the blue room .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the third floor .
move to the red room and then the green room .
move to the green room then continue to the orange room .
go to landmark three through landmark one
navigate to landmark two then continue to the green room .
avoid the green room until landmark two .
go to the green room by touching the yellow room .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the yellow room .
avoid landmark one until after reaching landmark two .
go to the orange room without ever leaving the first floor .
go through landmark three on your way to the third floor .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the first floor .
remain on the third floor and move to the purple room .
go to the orange room , then go to landmark two .
navigate to landmark two through the blue room .
go to the blue room , then go to landmark two .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the green room .
go to the green room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the green room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
avoid the red room until landmark two .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the blue room .
go to landmark two and avoid the orange room .
navigate to the red room after going to the third floor .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the green room .
go to the green room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
move to the green room without leaving the first floor .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark one .
avoid landmark one and move into the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the blue room .
navigate to landmark two through the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the third floor .
avoid landmark three and go to the yellow room .
go to a spot in the orange room , but do n't touch landmark three .
go to the red room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
move to the orange room then continue to the purple room .
pass through the green room before going to the first floor .
pass through landmark two on your way to the third floor .
move to the first floor but go through landmark one first .
go through the orange room before going to the green room .
avoid landmark three until reaching the green room .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
go to the second floor .
go to the first floor by going through landmark one .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark three
go to the purple room by touching the orange room .
avoid the green room until navigating to the red room .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
go to landmark one and then the red room
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until landmark one .
go to landmark one by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
go through landmark one before going to the red room .
go to landmark two then go to the yellow room .
go to yellow room , but do not go to orange room .
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
proceed to the red room .
go to the purple room by first going through the red room .
go to the second floor then go landmark three .
avoid the green room and go to the third floor .
go to orange room and then to green room
go through the green room to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until landmark three .
navigate to the third floor via the blue room .
go to landmark one and then go to the purple room .
go to landmark one only through the twond floor
go to the twond floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark three avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark three .
move to the green room first then travel to landmark one .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the red room
travel through the green room then go to the orange room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the red room .
always pass landmark one to get to level one .
go to landmark one
go through the yellow room then to the second floor .
go to landmark three from the third floor only .
go to landmark one and remain within the yellow room .
remain on the first floor while going to the orange room .
go to landmark one before going to the yellow room
go to the green room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the first floor .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the purple room .
go through landmark three and then to the onest floor .
go to the red room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go to the onest floor through the purple room
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the red room .
move to the second floor , travelling through the orange room .
visit the red room and then move to the second floor .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark three .
go to landmark three and avoid the green room .
go to the yellow room before going to the green room .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the orange room .
go to the onest floor through the yellow room
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the yellow room .
go to the second floor via the yellow room .
go to landmark one via the first floor .
head to the blue room and then head to the third floor .
go through landmark two to the purple room .
go from the twond floor to the green room
go to the second floor , then navigate to the blue room .
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the red room by touching the green room .
go to the green room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the orange room .
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark three .
navigate to landmark two through the second floor .
move to landmark two , but go through the blue room first .
navigate to the yellow room through the orange room .
go to the third floor and avoid landmark two .
go through the red room to the first floor .
avoid landmark three until reaching the orange room .
avoid the red room and travel to the orange room .
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the purple room through the yellow room
go directly to landmark one .
go through the second floor to the red room .
first go to landmark two , then go to the orange room .
navigate to the second floor , and then navigate to the first floor .
do n't go into the orange room until going to landmark three
avoid the red room and go to landmark one .
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark three
avoid the green room until you go to the blue room .
go to landmark one by going through landmark three
go through the yellow room to the first floor .
avoid the red room until you go to the third floor .
go to the orange room but do not enter the yellow room first .
go from the first floor to the purple room
go through the first floor to the red room
avoid the blue room until landmark three .
go to landmark three while avoiding going through any other objects
always go to landmark two before navigating to the orange room .
go through the orange room first , then go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room by first going through the orange room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark three .
avoid the purple room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the purple room .
go to or through landmark one. always avoid going to landmark one through landmark three
go through landmark one and navigate to the red room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the red room .
go from the twond floor to the orange room
go to the second floor always avoiding the red room .
go to landmark two before going to the third floor .
go to the first floor then go landmark two .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the orange room .
go from twond floor to purple room .
go to landmark three avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark three .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the yellow room .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to first floor .
move to landmark two , but go through the orange room first .
go to the second floor without going to the red room .
avoid landmark one until going to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the orange room .
go to landmark one by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
remain on the second floor while going to the orange room .
move to landmark three , but go through the yellow room first .
go to the first floor after you go to the third floor .
go to the third floor without going through the red room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the red room , or be done .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark one .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark three
go to the second floor but never go to the green room .
go to the orange room , then go to the first floor .
always go through the orange room and then to landmark three .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark one
go to landmark one and then to landmark two
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark three
go to the third floor then go to the red room
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the purple room .
move to the blue room then continue to the purple room .
go through the red room before going to the yellow room .
go to landmark three and remain within the orange room .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
move to the yellow room .
go to the red room by first going through the green room .
go through landmark one before going to the third floor .
go to landmark two before going to the yellow room .
go to landmark three through the first floor .
go through the blue room before going to landmark three
always go through landmark two and then to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the blue room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the red room
go to landmark one , then down to the yellow room .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark one .
go from the third floor to the orange room .
move to the second floor but go through landmark three first .
navigate to the second floor through the first floor .
always avoid landmark three and go to the red room .
move to the red room and then move to landmark three .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark two .
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark three
go to landmark one but do not enter the orange room first .
go to the red room and then go to landmark three .
go to the green room without going to the red room .
go to landmark two without changing floors
go from the first floor to the blue room .
go through the yellow room , then make your way to landmark three .
go through the yellow room before navigating to landmark one .
go through the third floor to the second floor .
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark three
go to the landmark three
go to landmark one always avoiding the blue room .
first go to landmark three , then go to the red room .
proceed to the green room by going through the purple room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the yellow room .
go to yellow room , but do not go to blue room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the red room .
avoid the green room until you go to the red room .
stay on the second floor and go to the green room .
avoid landmark three and move into the green room .
navigate to the third floor through the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going through the yellow room .
go through the first floor to landmark one .
go to landmark three without leaving the orange room .
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark three .
stay on the first floor to get to landmark three .
go to the first floor avoiding landmark two .
go to the third floor without going to the purple room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the purple room
move to the first floor by going through the blue room
go to the third floor then go to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until going to the third floor .
go to the yellow room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go from the first floor to the red room .
go to the blue room and then go to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark one .
go to the orange room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the green room .
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark two .
go to one st floor after threerd floor
avoid the red room before you navigate to the second floor .
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the green room .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the red room .
pass through landmark three before going to the first floor .
go to the purple room without touching landmark two .
always avoid the green room and go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the green room first .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark two .
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark two
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the purple room .
go to the first floor and then go to the red room .
go to landmark one through the blue room .
go through the third floor to the purple room
go through landmark three before going to the yellow room .
go to the blue room before going to the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark two through the green room
go to the blue room via landmark two .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the green room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one. if you have reached landmark one then you can go to landmark three .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the blue room , then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
go to the red room and avoid landmark two .
go to the second floor then go to the orange room
go from the yellow room to the orange room
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
go to the twond floor and then go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room through the green room .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the purple room .
go to landmark two and then go to the second floor .
avoid landmark three until you pass through yellow room .
go through the green room then to the second floor .
go to landmark three but avoid landmark one .
go to the orange room and then go to landmark three .
go to the green room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the yellow room .
move to landmark two without entering the yellow room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room , then go to the yellow room .
go through the red room before going to the third floor .
stay on the first floor and go to the blue room .
do n't leave the green room and go to landmark three .
go to landmark three from the first floor only .
avoid the purple room until you enter the red room .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the purple room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark one
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the orange room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark three .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the purple room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the green room by passing through the second floor .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
move to the purple room and then move to landmark three .
avoid the purple room and go to the third floor .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark three .
proceed to the orange room by going through the purple room .
avoid landmark one , and go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark two
go to the orange room without going to the blue room .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark two .
go to the orange room through the first floor
avoid the purple room
head to the purple room and then head to the first floor .
go to the green room , then go to landmark one .
navigate to the purple room staying on the third floor .
first go to to landmark one then go to the orange room .
go to the first floor without going to the blue room .
go from the second floor to the red room
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the orange room .
move to the purple room and then the green room .
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark one .
visit the red room and then move to the third floor .
go through the first floor to the orange room
go through landmark three before going to the orange room .
go to the second floor but never go to the orange room .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the red room .
always go through the green room to get to the purple room .
go to landmark two without first passing through landmark one .
go to the twond floor , then go to the yellow room
go through the purple room first , then go to the orange room .
go to the red room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the green room .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark one .
move to the green room and then the red room .
visit the blue room and then move to the first floor .
go to landmark one while staying on the third floor .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark three
go from the red room to the orange room
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the green room .
remain on the second floor and move to the red room .
go to landmark three only through the twond floor
always go through the purple room before going to landmark one .
avoid the red room and go to landmark three .
move to the second floor , travelling through the blue room .
go to the yellow room and then go to the green room .
go to the second floor via the blue room .
go to landmark two while avoiding going through any other objects
move to the green room then continue to the yellow room .
go to landmark one and then the purple room
go to yellow room and then to purple room
avoid the red room and go to landmark one
go to the first floor via landmark two .
head to the yellow room but first go to the second floor .
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark three .
go to the first floor via the purple room .
go to the second floor then go to landmark one .
head to the blue room but first go to the first floor .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
go to the second floor after you go to the first floor .
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the second floor .
go through the yellow room then to the third floor .
always avoid the orange room and go to the green room .
move through landark one to landmark two .
go to the orange room by first going through landmark one .
go to the red room by first visiting landmark three .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the purple room .
go through the green room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the yellow room and then go to the orange room .
go to landmark one and remain within the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the yellow room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the purple room
move to the red room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
avoid the purple room until you go through the orange room .
avoid the orange room and travel to the green room .
head to landmark three after going to the orange room .
go to landmark two through the third floor .
go to the green room without going to the orange room
go through the first floor to the green room
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the purple room
avoid the blue room and go to landmark one .
go to landmark three before going to the blue room
go to the second floor through landmark three .
stay on the third floor while going to the red room .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
go to the third floor via the purple room .
always go to landmark three before landmark one .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the green room .
go to the blue room before going to the green room .
go to landmark three through the third floor .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the blue room .
navigate to landmark two , always avoiding landmark three .
go to the second floor after going to the third floor .
go to the purple room and go down to the onest floor .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the red room .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the third floor .
go through the green room and navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark one before going to the yellow room .
navigate to the green room through the blue room .
go to landmark two before going to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the green room .
without leaving the purple room go to landmark two .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the yellow room .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the orange room .
go from the twond floor to the red room
go to the purple room and then go to the red room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the blue room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the green room .
go through the orange room and navigate to the first floor .
avoid landmark three and go to the first floor .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the blue room .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the yellow room .
while remaining within the orange room , go to landmark one .
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark two .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the red room .
go to landmark two before navigating to the third floor .
navigate through landmark one then go to landmark three .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark three then go to the orange room .
navigate to the second floor through the purple room .
go to landmark two and then go to the blue room .
go from twond floor to purple room .
avoid the red room until going through landmark three .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark three .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the purple room .
go through the first floor to the second floor .
go to the red room through the first floor
move to landmark three , but travel to the onest floor first .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the green room .
go to the red room without touching landmark two .
visit the purple room and then move to the first floor .
move to the first floor by going through the green room
go to the red room while staying on the first floor .
avoid landmark one and go to the first floor .
go through the second floor and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the red room .
go to landmark one before going to landmark three .
visit the blue room and then move to the second floor .
pass through landmark one before going to the first floor .
head to the green room and then head to the second floor .
avoid the red room until you go through the purple room .
go to one st floor after threerd floor
go to first floor and then to landmark two
always avoid the red room and go to the green room .
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark three .
go to the first floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
go to the red room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the green room .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the red room .
remain on the second floor while going to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the blue room .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark one .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
navigate to the second floor but do n't ever go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark one .
go to the blue room , then proceed to landmark three .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the green room
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark one .
navigate to the second floor via the red room .
while remaining within the purple room , go to landmark two .
go from twond floor to yellow room .
navigate to the purple room through the yellow room .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the red room .
go to landmark three always avoiding the blue room .
avoid landmark three until you pass through blue room .
go to the orange room without going through the purple room .
go from the third floor to landmark one .
go through the red room first , then go to the green room .
go through landmark three to the red room .
move to the second floor without entering the green room .
go from the red room to the purple room
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the green room .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark three .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the red room .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark two .
go to the blue room , then go to the green room .
go to the red room without going to the blue room
go to the green room without going to the orange room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the orange room .
head to landmark three after going to the blue room .
navigate to the orange room staying on the third floor .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the red room .
go to the third floor without going to the green room .
go through the yellow room and navigate to the third floor .
avoid the blue room until going through landmark two .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark one .
go through the green room before going to the second floor .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
move towards blue room and then to third floor .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark three .
avoid landmark three until navigating to landmark one .
go to the orange room , then go to landmark three .
from the third floor , navigate to the red room .
go to third floor without going into the yellow room
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark three .
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark two .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the green room .
go to a spot in the blue room , but do n't touch landmark two .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the purple room .
navigate to the green room but never go to the blue room .
avoid landmark three until you navigate to landmark one .
pass through landmark three before going to the second floor .
avoid the purple room until you enter the green room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the red room
go to landmark two from the third floor only .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the blue room .
go to the red room through landmark one
navigate to the red room always avoiding the blue room .
go to the red room and then go to the green room .
from the third floor , navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark two via the first floor .
go to the red room while staying on the second floor .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the first floor .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the green room .
go to the green room and go down to the onest floor .
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark two .
remain on the third floor and move to the red room .
head to the red room but first go to the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
avoid landmark three until after the green room
go to landmark two while staying on the first floor .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark one .
go to the second floor by first going to the first floor .
go to the yellow room , then go to the second floor .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark three .
go through landmark two on your way to the first floor .
go through the second floor and navigate to the blue room .
always pass landmark one to get to level one .
go to landmark two by only stepping in the blue room .
move to the orange room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark two .
navigate directly to the first floor .
go to the orange room through landmark two
go to the blue room and then go to landmark three .
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
go to third floor without going into the purple room
move to anywhere on the first floor , then move to anywhere on the second floor .
stay on the second floor while going to the purple room .
go to landmark one and then go to the green room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the blue room .
go to the blue room without going through the yellow room .
go to the third floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the purple room , or be done .
while always avoiding the blue room , go to landmark one .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the green room .
go to the first floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the blue room , or be done .
always go through the purple room and then to landmark three .
go through the second floor to the yellow room
go to landmark one from the first floor only .
proceed to the green room by going through the orange room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the first floor .
go to landmark three and remain within the blue room .
go through the yellow room before going to the second floor .
go to landmark two .
go to the blue room and then go to the orange room .
always avoid the purple room and navigate to the first floor .
move to the blue room then continue to the red room .
avoid landmark two and go to the orange room .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark one .
go through landmark one to the second floor .
start on the threerd floor , go directly to the onest floor .
navigate to the second floor before going to the green room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to landmark three .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until you go through the blue room .
avoid landmark three until reaching the yellow room .
go to the yellow room without going to the blue room
avoid the green room
navigate to the yellow room .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark two
go to the second floor by first going through the orange room .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark three .
move to the red room .
always go through landmark three and then to the blue room .
always go through landmark two and then to the green room .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through landmark one
navigate from the second floor to the green room .
pass through the red room before going to the first floor .
get to landmark one , while avoiding landmark three
go to the purple room before going to the orange room .
go to landmark three always avoiding the red room .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark one .
navigate to the first floor before going to the second floor .
go through the red room before going to the green room .
go through the second floor to the orange room .
avoid landmark two and go to the blue room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark three
go to the yellow room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the second floor .
go to the green room without going to the orange room .
go to the red room by first going through landmark two .
go to the orange room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark two .
go from the blue room to the red room
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the red room .
navigate directly to the third floor .
go to landmark two , avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
move to the purple room and then the red room .
move to landmark one , but travel to the onest floor first .
avoid landmark one until reaching the yellow room .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark one .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark two
go to the onest floor through landmark two
navigate to the first floor via the yellow room .
go to landmark three and always avoid the orange room
always avoid landmark one , and navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark three before going to the orange room
avoid the red room until you go to the yellow room .
go to landmark three through the red room
go to landmark one by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
go to landmark two before going to the blue room
go to the purple room while always avoiding the yellow room
go through the second floor to the orange room
go to landmark two without leaving yellow room .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark one .
avoid the green room until you go to landmark two .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark one and stop
go to the second floor but avoid landmark one .
go through the green room , then make your way to landmark two .
move through landark one to landmark three .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark one .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the orange room
always go through the blue room before going to landmark one .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
go from the twond floor to the orange room
go through the yellow room first , then go to the orange room .
go to the first floor always avoiding the red room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark one
go through the first floor to the yellow room
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid the orange room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the orange room .
stay on the third floor to get to landmark three .
avoid the purple room until passing landmark three .
go to the blue room without going to the orange room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the orange room .
go to landmark one before going to the third floor .
go to the orange room without ever leaving the second floor .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark two .
stay on the third floor to get to landmark one .
navigate to landmark one through the second floor .
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark three .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark one .
avoid the blue room and go to the orange room .
move to the yellow room then continue to the red room .
go to or through landmark three. always avoid going to landmark three through landmark one
head to landmark one after going to the green room .
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark two
navigate to the green room but never go to the purple room .
avoid the green room and go to the red room .
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
move to landmark two but avoid landmark one .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark one .
go to the green room before going to the red room .
go to the purple room through the green room
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the red room
move to the orange room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to the second floor .
go to landmark three and always avoid the blue room
go to the yellow room without touching landmark two .
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark two
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the red room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the red room .
always avoid the green room and go to landmark two .
go to the orange room through the green room .
avoid the blue room and go to the purple room .
avoid the red room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark one avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark one .
go to landmark two and always avoid the blue room
go to the yellow room , then proceed to landmark two .
go to landmark three and then to landmark two .
go through the green room before going to the red room .
navigate to the second floor through the green room .
head to landmark three after going to the purple room .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to the first floor .
go through the blue room to landmark two .
avoid the red room until after going to the third floor .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the blue room
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the third floor .
go to the first floor but avoid the orange room .
always avoid landmark one and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark three from the second floor only .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the second floor .
go to landmark one after navigating to the first floor .
go to yellow room and then to red room
navigate to the first floor through the second floor .
move to landmark two after moving to the third floor .
avoid the orange room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the orange room , or just stay on the third floor .
go to landmark three by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to landmark one .
from the first floor , navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark two by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
travel through the yellow room then go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the orange room .
visit landmark three but do n't leave the first floor .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark three .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the second floor .
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the green room .
visit landmark two but do n't leave the third floor .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the yellow room .
move to the first floor , travelling through the green room .
go to landmark three through landmark one .
go to the purple room through landmark three
go to landmark three while always avoiding the yellow room .
always avoid going to landmark one through the red room
navigate to the purple room through the red room .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark three
remain on the first floor and navigate to the red room .
always avoid the orange room , go to landmark three .
first go to landmark two , then go to the yellow room .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through landmark two
go through the first floor to the orange room .
go to the onest floor through the orange room
go to the orange room by touching the red room .
move towards yellow room and then to second floor .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the orange room .
go to the first floor and then head to landmark three .
go to landmark one through the first floor .
avoid the purple room and travel to the green room .
go to the yellow room through the third floor .
navigate to the third floor through the purple room .
always avoid the red room and navigate to the third floor .
navigate to the second floor via the green room .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the third floor .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the third floor .
move towards orange room and then to second floor .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the purple room .
always pass landmark two to get to level one .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the red room
go to the third floor avoiding the red room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the red room
go to the green room only through the onest floor
go to the third floor and then to landmark three .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark two .
go to the red room via landmark two .
go to the twond floor and then go to the red room .
navigate to the second floor but do n't ever go to landmark one .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the purple room .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark two .
go to the red room , then go to landmark two .
go to the green room , then go to the second floor .
go from twond floor to red room .
go to the red room and then navigate to the purple room .
always avoid the blue room and go to the orange room .
go to the green room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the purple room .
always go through landmark one and then to the yellow room .
go to the third floor and then go to the purple room .
go to the third floor and avoid the green room .
go to landmark three without going to landmark one
go to the purple room before going to the red room .
always avoid landmark one and go to the green room .
go to the first floor but never go to the red room .
go to landmark one and always avoid the purple room
avoid the green room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the green room , or just stay on the third floor .
travel through the purple room then go to the orange room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark one
go to the orange room and then navigate to the purple room .
go to the red room without going through the yellow room .
go to the red room through landmark one .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the yellow room .
head to the purple room and then head to the third floor .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the purple room .
first go to landmark two , then go to the green room .
avoid landmark two until reaching the blue room .
always avoid the orange room , go to the first floor .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the green room .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the purple room .
go to the green room while avoiding landmark three
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to the yellow room through the third floor
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the yellow room
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark one .
go to the blue room without going through the red room .
go to the onest floor through the blue room
go to landmark three then go to the blue room .
head to the red room but first go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room by first going through the green room .
move to the second floor by going through the purple room
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark one .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the orange room .
move to the blue room .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the purple room .
go to the purple room through the blue room .
avoid the purple room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the purple room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to landmark one before going to the red room
go to the twond floor and then go to the green room .
go to the orange room without going to the red room .
go to landmark three through the blue room .
go to the green room avoiding landmark one .
go to landmark one but remain on the third floor .
move to the third floor by going through the yellow room
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the green room .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark three .
go to one st floor after threerd floor
go to the first floor avoiding the red room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the red room
always go through the yellow room to get to the red room .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the orange room .
go to landmark three while staying on the second floor .
go to the third floor by first going through the orange room .
go through the second floor to landmark two .
remain on the first floor while going to the purple room .
go to red room and then to yellow room
navigate to the second floor , avoiding landmark two .
robot , go to the orange room .
go to the purple room by first going through the yellow room .
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark one .
go to the second floor by going through landmark two .
move to the orange room without leaving the second floor .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark one .
avoid the green room , navigate to the purple room .
move to landmark one without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the purple room .
go to the red room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the purple room .
pass through the orange room on your way to the second floor .
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the first floor .
avoid the yellow room until going to the blue room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark three .
move to the red room then continue to the orange room .
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
go to the first floor after you go to the second floor .
go to the third floor , then go to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until you enter the blue room .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to second floor .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark three .
navigate to the green room staying on the first floor .
go to the purple room without going to the red room
go through the red room to the third floor .
go to the orange room via landmark two .
navigate to the red room by passing through the first floor .
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to landmark two .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark two and stop
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the green room .
first go to landmark two , then go to the red room .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the purple room .
go to the second floor and then to landmark three .
avoid the landmark one and go to the second floor .
go to the third floor and then to landmark two .
go from twond floor to yellow room .
go through the blue room before going to the yellow room .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the yellow room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark one .
go to the twond floor avoiding the red room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the red room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the green room
move to the third floor but go through landmark three first .
head to the orange room but first go to the second floor .
stay on the first floor while going to the blue room .
always avoid landmark three , and navigate to landmark one .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the green room .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the orange room .
visit the yellow room and then move to the second floor .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the green room .
go to the green room without going to the purple room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the purple room .
proceed to the red room by going through the purple room .
go to the green room , then go to landmark three .
go through the purple room to landmark three .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the third floor .
go to the orange room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the red room .
go to landmark two by only stepping in the orange room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the red room .
avoid the green room and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid landmark two and go to the red room .
pass through the blue room on your way to the first floor .
go directly to landmark two .
go to landmark one but avoid landmark three .
go to the orange room without going to the green room .
go through the red room then to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room and go to the orange room .
pass through landmark three on your way to the first floor .
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark one
go up to the second floor without going to landmark one .
go to landmark three and then the purple room
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark three .
go to the orange room only through the onest floor
pass through landmark three before going to the third floor .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the orange room .
go to the third floor but never go to the orange room .
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
move to the blue room then continue to the orange room .
go through the green room to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until you go to the first floor .
go through landmark three before going to the first floor .
without stepping outside of the blue room , go to landmark one .
avoid landmark one and go to the green room .
navigate to landmark three through the green room .
proceed to the green room by going through the yellow room .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark three
always pass landmark two to get to level one .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the red room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the green room until going to the red room .
go to the orange room without going to the red room
without leaving the first floor go to the purple room .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark three .
go to the red room while always avoiding the green room
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark three .
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark one .
avoid landmark one and go to the blue room .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the purple room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the orange room .
go to the red room without going to the blue room .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the yellow room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the first floor .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the third floor .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
go to the red room without going to the orange room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the orange room .
always go through the red room before going to landmark two .
go to the purple room through the twond floor
from the second floor , navigate to the purple room .
always go through the blue room before going to landmark two .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the green room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
pass through the green room before going to the third floor .
go through the orange room before going to landmark two
navigate to the orange room after going to the second floor .
go to the orange room and avoid the red room .
go to the yellow room via landmark two .
go to the twond floor but avoid the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the green room .
avoid the purple room until passing landmark two .
go to the first floor without going through the green room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the green room , or be done .
go to landmark three and remain within the red room .
avoid the orange room until you go through the green room .
head to landmark three without changing floors .
without leaving the red room go to landmark two .
go to the purple room and avoid the blue room .
go to the green room and avoid the red room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark two
stay in the red room and go to landmark one and stop
move towards green room and then to first floor .
avoid landmark one until after the purple room
go to the second floor and then head to landmark two .
head to the yellow room and then head to the second floor .
go to the twond floor , then go to the orange room
navigate to the blue room after going to the second floor .
stay on the first floor while going to the green room .
move to the first floor , travelling through the yellow room .
go to the third floor then move to the red room .
go to the green room by first visiting landmark two .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the green room .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the red room .
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark one
go to the red room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark two .
always avoid the yellow room , go to the first floor .
go to the blue room , then proceed to landmark one .
go to the orange room , then proceed to landmark one .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark one .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark one .
avoid the green room until you go to the third floor .
avoid the blue room until reaching the third floor .
without stepping outside of the orange room , go to landmark two .
go to the green room through the second floor
go to the purple room and avoid landmark three .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the red room .
move to the second floor without entering the yellow room .
proceed to the red room but do n't leave the second floor .
without stepping outside of the purple room , go to landmark two .
go to landmark one , then down to the blue room .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark one .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the blue room .
go to landmark three through the onest floor
go through the red room and navigate to the third floor .
always avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the purple room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the orange room .
avoid the red room until you go to the second floor .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
go to landmark one and always avoid the blue room
go to the orange room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark two .
go to second floor without going into the red room
go to landmark two , then head to the first floor .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the blue room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the blue room .
go to the second floor but do not go through the orange room first .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until after going to the first floor .
go to the third floor , then go to the purple room .
go to the third floor and then go to the green room .
go to the first floor without going to the orange room .
avoid landmark one until going to the purple room .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the yellow room .
go to the orange room and go down to the onest floor .
avoid landmark two until after the blue room
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark three .
move to the second floor by going through the orange room
always go through the orange room before going to landmark three .
move to the purple room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark one .
avoid landmark two and go to the green room .
without leaving the third floor go to the red room .
navigate to landmark two through the first floor .
go to landmark two , avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
go through landmark two to the blue room .
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark one .
go to the blue room via landmark one .
go through the yellow room to the third floor .
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark two .
pass through the yellow room before going to the first floor .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark two
move to the purple room then continue to the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor before going to the first floor .
go to landmark two without changing floors
go to the blue room through the twond floor
go through the yellow room and navigate to the second floor .
go to the red room and avoid the yellow room .
go to landmark one , avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the blue room .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark one .
go to the green room via landmark one .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark two .
stay on the third floor and move to landmark one .
go to the red room , avoiding landmark one .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the purple room .
go through the red room first , then go to the purple room .
always avoid the green room , go to the third floor .
navigate to landmark three , always avoiding landmark one .
avoid the purple room until going through landmark one .
go to the third floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the yellow room , or be done .
go to the green room , then go to the first floor .
avoid the blue room until after going to the third floor .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the purple room .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
go to the purple room and then go to the orange room .
move to the red room then continue to the purple room .
go through landmark one and navigate to the yellow room .
pass through landmark two on your way to the first floor .
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark two .
go to landmark three and then the yellow room
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the third floor .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the yellow room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark three .
pass through landmark two before going to the third floor .
go to landmark one , avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid the yellow room until going to the red room .
move to landmark two without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the purple room .
avoid the red room until after going to the first floor .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the blue room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the green room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the yellow room
go to the second floor always avoiding the blue room .
without stepping outside of the yellow room , go to landmark three .
move to the yellow room and then the green room .
go to the second floor always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the second floor through the third floor .
without leaving the second floor go to the yellow room .
avoid landmark three until going to the purple room .
avoid landmark two until after the red room
advance to landmark two but always avoid the purple room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the red room
go to the first floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor but avoid the blue room .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the orange room .
go through the first floor and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room , navigate to the red room .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
move to landmark one without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the green room .
navigate to the third floor via the orange room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the orange room .
go to the green room without going to the yellow room
head to the purple room and then head to the second floor .
avoid the orange room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the orange room .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark one .
stay on the second floor and go to landmark two .
go to landmark three while staying on the third floor .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the yellow room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the red room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the orange room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
go to landmark two through the purple room
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark three .
go to the yellow room through the red room .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the purple room .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark two .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one .
first go to to landmark three then go to the red room .
go to the blue room without going through the purple room .
go through the purple room before going to the first floor .
go to third floor without going into the green room
go to landmark three through the yellow room
move to the green room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the red room without going to the green room
go to the first floor then move to the red room .
head to landmark three without changing floors .
go to the yellow room through the orange room .
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark two .
go from the purple room to the orange room
avoid the purple room , navigate to the yellow room .
go to the first floor then go to the blue room
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark two
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room and go to the first floor .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the green room
go to the second floor without going to the green room .
always avoid the green room and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the orange room .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the red room
go through the yellow room before going to the purple room .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the third floor .
avoid the orange room until going to the blue room .
go to landmark three and always avoid the red room
avoid the yellow room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the third floor .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark three .
avoid the purple room until you go to the third floor .
go to the first floor , then go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark one .
go to the purple room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the orange room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark two .
go to landmark two through the red room .
go from the twond floor to the green room
move to the green room without changing floors .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark two
go to the blue room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to the first floor by going through landmark two .
go to the red room and then go to landmark one .
go to the third floor without going to the orange room .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the purple room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark one
go to the twond floor , then go to the red room
go to the twond floor , then go to the red room
go to landmark one and then go to the onest floor .
move to landmark three , but travel to the onest floor first .
avoid the yellow room until you go to landmark two .
head to the blue room and then head to the second floor .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the yellow room .
go to landmark three before going to landmark one .
go to the red room without going to the orange room .
remain on the second floor while going to the red room .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
navigate from the third floor to the red room .
go to the red room but do not enter the yellow room first .
avoid the red room until passing landmark one .
move to the purple room and then the yellow room .
go to landmark two and always avoid the purple room
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
got to landmark one through the green room .
travel through the blue room then go to the orange room .
visit landmark two but do n't leave the first floor .
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the blue room .
go to second floor and then to landmark two
avoid the yellow room until you go to the second floor .
navigate to the blue room before you go to landmark two .
go to the first floor but do not go through the purple room first .
move to landmark one. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go through landmark three to the purple room .
go through the blue room to the red room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to the purple room , then go to the red room .
avoid the orange room until going to the first floor .
avoid landmark one until going to the green room .
avoid the orange room until reaching the third floor .
go to the green room and then navigate to the orange room .
go from the third floor to the yellow room
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark three
go to landmark one and avoid the red room .
go to landmark two before going to the purple room
always avoid the red room while navigating to the third floor .
go to the first floor via the yellow room .
go to the third floor by first going through the red room .
move to the purple room without changing floors .
go to the green room but do not enter the purple room first .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark three .
navigate through landmark two and go to the green room .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the green room .
first go to landmark two , then go to the blue room .
go to second floor without going into the yellow room
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark three
navigate to the orange room but never go to the blue room .
avoid the red room until going to the blue room .
go to the third floor but avoid landmark one .
go to the third floor through the orange room .
go to landmark three before going to the red room
go to the third floor and then go directly to the second floor .
always go through the orange room to get to the purple room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the purple room
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark two .
go from the twond floor to the purple room
move to the green room and then the orange room .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark two .
go through landmark three to the green room .
go from the green room to the purple room
go from onest floor to landmark two .
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark one
always avoid the yellow room , go to the third floor .
pass through landmark three on your way to the third floor .
first navigate to landmark one , then go to landmark two .
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark one .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor through the blue room .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark three
go to the third floor then go to the first floor .
go to landmark one then go to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor but do n't ever go to landmark three .
go to the blue room , then go to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor .
move to landmark two without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the red room .
go to the purple room and avoid the red room .
go to landmark one , then down to the orange room .
go through the red room then to the third floor .
go to landmark three , then head to the first floor .
go through landmark two before going to the green room .
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark three .
go to landmark one and avoid the green room
always avoid going to landmark one through the blue room
move towards purple room and then to third floor .
go to the first floor
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
navigate to the blue room after going to the third floor .
go to the second floor , then go to the yellow room .
go to the onest floor
move to landmark one , but go through the green room first .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the purple room
go to the green room through landmark one
move to the second floor , travelling through landmark two .
go from the onest floor to landmark one
go to the purple room .
go to the green room and avoid landmark one .
go to landmark one , then go to landmark two
go to landmark one , then down to the yellow room .
stay on the second floor and move to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until going to the third floor .
go to the blue room through the first floor .
go to the green room , avoiding landmark three .
avoid landmark three until you go to landmark one .
go to landmark one before going to the blue room
travel through the red room then go to the purple room .
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
go from the twond floor to the green room
move to the red room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
travel to landmark three .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the purple room .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the purple room .
always pass landmark three before landmark two .
always go through landmark three and then to the green room .
go to the orange room only through the onest floor
always go through the green room before going to landmark one .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the red room .
first go to landmark three , then go to the orange room .
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark three .
avoid the blue room and travel to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark one .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark three
go to landmark three before going to the red room .
move to the green room .
go through the purple room before going to the third floor .
go to landmark three through the blue room
move to the second floor by going through the yellow room
go to purple room and then to orange room
navigate through landmark one then go to landmark two .
go to the green room and then go to the red room .
move to the orange room and then the yellow room .
move to the green room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark two .
do n't go into the yellow room until going to landmark one
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the red room
go to the green room by first visiting landmark three .
go from twond floor to purple room .
go to landmark two through the onest floor
go to the twond floor but avoid the purple room .
go to the orange room before going to the yellow room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark three .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark two .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to the first floor but avoid the green room .
stay on the third floor while going to the orange room .
go to landmark three avoiding the first and third floors .
move to landmark three without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the red room .
go to the red room through the first floor .
go to a spot in the green room , but do n't touch landmark one .
go to landmark three but always avoid landmark one .
go to the green room and then go to landmark three .
go from the blue room to the yellow room
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the red room .
go to the orange room through the twond floor
go to the onest floor through landmark one
go to landmark one while always avoiding the red room .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the orange room .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the orange room .
go through landmark three on your way to the second floor .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the purple room .
go to the second floor without going to the blue room .
always navigate to red room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the third floor , then go to the first floor .
avoid the green room until landmark one .
avoid landmark two and go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark two .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the orange room .
go to the first floor via the orange room .
go from the onest floor to landmark two
go to the red room by touching the orange room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the third floor .
navigate to the second floor but do n't ever go to landmark two .
go to the third floor but never go to the blue room .
go from the twond floor to the purple room
go from the second floor to the purple room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark three .
travel through the green room then go to the purple room .
always go through the green room before going to landmark two .
always avoid the green room and go to the purple room .
avoid landmark three until going to the yellow room .
proceed to the red room but do n't leave the third floor .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark two .
go to landmark two before going to the first floor .
go to the yellow room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the orange room .
go to the first floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the orange room before going to the purple room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the green room .
avoid landmark two until going to the red room .
move to the second floor , travelling through landmark three .
go to landmark three while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the purple room .
without leaving the second floor go to the orange room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark three .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the red room and then go to the orange room .
stay on the first floor while going to the orange room .
move to the red room without changing floors .
go to the twond floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the orange room .
go to the green room while always avoiding landmark three
go to the green room but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark three .
go to landmark one then go to the orange room .
always avoid the landmark one and travel to landmark three .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark two .
go to landmark one , then up to landmark three .
go to landmark two without leaving orange room .
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark one .
navigate to landmark two , always avoiding landmark one .
go to the second floor and then go to the green room .
avoid landmark two until going to the yellow room .
go to the first floor then move to the blue room .
go to the third floor then go to the orange room
avoid the green room until going to the third floor .
travel through the orange room then go to the red room .
go to the first floor before you go to the second floor .
always go through the yellow room to get to the purple room .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
go to landmark three but remain on the first floor .
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark two .
avoid landmark three until you pass through purple room .
from the third floor , navigate to the second floor .
go to the blue room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the green room .
avoid landmark two until going to the blue room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the red room
move to the third floor by going through the red room
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark one
move to landmark three. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the first floor .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark three .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the orange room through the red room
go from the second floor to the purple room
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the orange room .
move to landmark two. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
avoid the purple room until going to the first floor .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the red room .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the red room .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark one .
go to the third floor through the green room .
go to landmark one .
move to the red room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to landmark three and then go to the third floor .
go to the purple room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
go to landmark two through landmark one .
go to the orange room through landmark one
go to the yellow room and then go to the purple room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to landmark three .
go to the yellow room while staying on the first floor .
go to the twond floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the green room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark two
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark two .
remain on the second floor and move to the orange room .
go from the first floor to the green room
stay away from the green room and go to landmark two .
go to the first floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the purple room , or be done .
go through the purple room before going to landmark two
go to landmark three while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the red room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the yellow room .
go through the blue room to the third floor .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the green room .
always avoid the red room , go to landmark two .
go through landmark three and then to the onest floor .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the purple room .
go to landmark two by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
go to the green room by touching the purple room .
go to the second floor through the purple room .
go to the onest floor through the green room
go through the green room to landmark three .
go to the green room through the purple room
first go to to landmark two then go to the green room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the purple room
go to the yellow room through the second floor .
proceed to the red room by going through the blue room .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the yellow room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
avoid landmark three until you pass through orange room .
go to the orange room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the purple room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the red room .
go to red room , but do not go to yellow room .
avoid the landmark one and go to the first floor .
go to the green room and go down to the onest floor .
avoid the yellow room until after going to the third floor .
go to the first floor and then to landmark three .
go to the third floor always avoiding the yellow room .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the blue room .
go to landmark three before navigating to the second floor .
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark one .
navigate to the second floor through the blue room .
go to the second floor through the blue room .
go to the purple room , then go to the orange room .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the red room .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark one
go through the red room to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark three .
go to the red room through landmark two .
navigate to the third floor before going to the yellow room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the orange room
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the red room .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark three .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark one .
go to the blue room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the red room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the yellow room .
first go to landmark one , then go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room without going through the orange room .
go through the second floor to the green room .
avoid the red room until going to landmark three .
stay on the second floor to get to landmark two .
got to landmark three through the green room .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the third floor .
go to the first floor and then head to landmark two .
go through the green room before going to the purple room .
head to the yellow room and then head to the third floor .
avoid landmark three and go to the green room .
go to the blue room without going through the orange room .
remain on the third floor and move to the green room .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark two .
go to the purple room without going to landmark three .
move to the first floor without entering the green room .
move to landmark two , but travel to the onest floor first .
go to the green room and then go to the yellow room .
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark two .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the purple room .
go through the red room then to the second floor .
visit the orange room and then move to the third floor .
pass through landmark one on your way to the third floor .
avoid landmark two until reaching the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until after going to the second floor .
visit landmark three but do n't leave the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until after going to the second floor .
go to landmark three but remain on the second floor .
move to the blue room without leaving the second floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room .
navigate to the orange room through the green room .
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark one .
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark three
navigate to landmark three then continue to the red room .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the purple room .
avoid landmark three and proceed to landmark two
avoid landmark two until you go to the red room .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the yellow room .
go through the blue room then to the third floor .
go to the yellow room , then go to landmark one .
move to the blue room without leaving the third floor .
go through landmark one on your way to the third floor .
go to the blue room , then go to the red room .
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark three .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the yellow room
go to the orange room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark one .
go to landmark two .
move to landmark three. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go to a spot in the blue room , but do n't touch landmark three .
go to the yellow room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the green room .
avoid the purple room and go to the orange room .
while always avoiding the orange room , go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark one .
go to landmark two and then go to the green room .
go from the first floor to the purple room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the green room
move to the orange room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark three .
go from the blue room to the green room
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the yellow room .
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the red room .
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark three .
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark two .
go to landmark two then go to the orange room .
go to the orange room through the red room .
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark two .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark two .
go to the red room , avoiding landmark three .
go through the orange room first , then go to the purple room .
go to the red room before going to the green room .
go to the first floor then go to the orange room
go to the second floor but avoid landmark two .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the blue room .
go to landmark three after going to landmark one .
go to landmark two from the first floor only .
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the purple room .
avoid the red room until going through landmark two .
go to the orange room while staying on the second floor .
avoid landmark one until you go to landmark three .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the green room .
avoid landmark three and move into the purple room .
go through the blue room to the purple room .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the red room .
go through the purple room to the orange room .
go to landmark one through the red room .
while always avoiding the red room , go to landmark three .
go to the blue room , then go to landmark one .
visit the third floor and then proceed to the first floor .
go to landmark one without first passing through landmark three .
go to the first floor but avoid the yellow room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three. if you reached landmark three then you can go to landmark one .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the red room .
go through the blue room to the first floor .
always avoid going to landmark one through the green room
navigate to the first floor via the red room .
from the third floor , navigate to the first floor .
go to the orange room without going to the blue room
go to the green room via landmark two .
go through landmark three to the blue room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark one .
go to landmark three and then the orange room
remain on the first floor while going to the yellow room .
go to the second floor and avoid the purple room .
visit the blue room and then move to the third floor .
always go through the purple room to get to the yellow room .
go to landmark one , then down to the purple room .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the orange room .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the orange room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark two
go through the second floor and navigate to the red room .
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the second floor .
go through the orange room , then make your way to landmark one .
go to landmark one through the purple room
navigate to the first floor always passing through the second floor .
go to the second floor then go to the purple room
go to the second floor and then go to the blue room .
go to landmark three without changing floors
always avoid the orange room , go to the second floor .
without leaving the third floor go to the blue room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the red room
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the second floor .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark two .
go to the twond floor , then go to the blue room
stay in the red room and go to landmark three .
go to the first floor through the red room .
go to the second floor by first going through the green room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the yellow room .
go to landmark two without leaving red room .
go to the third floor through landmark one .
head to the first floor .
go to the third floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the orange room
go to the yellow room through the green room
go to landmark two always avoiding the orange room .
avoid the green room and go to the orange room .
go to landmark two and then the purple room
without leaving the green room go to landmark one .
head to landmark three after going to the yellow room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the orange room .
go to the second floor via the purple room .
go through the second floor to the first floor .
avoid landmark one until reaching the green room .
go to landmark one but do not enter the red room first .
go to landmark two without leaving blue room .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark one .
go to the blue room through the first floor
go to the onest floor through landmark two
first go to the red room and then go to landmark three .
go to a spot in the orange room , but do n't touch landmark two .
go to the blue room through landmark one
go through the yellow room to landmark one .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark one .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark three .
while remaining within the orange room , go to landmark three .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the blue room
go from onest floor to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the orange room .
always avoid the yellow room , go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room while staying on the third floor .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the red room .
without leaving the purple room go to landmark one .
go to landmark two avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark two .
without leaving the third floor go to the orange room .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark one .
always go through the purple room before going to landmark two .
move to the orange room and then the purple room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three .
avoid the green room until passing landmark one .
go to landmark one but remain on the first floor .
go to the second floor avoiding landmark two .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to the green room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
navigate to landmark three .
go to the twond floor , then go to the blue room
go to landmark three by only navigating within the red room .
go through landmark one to the green room .
go to the first floor and avoid the yellow room .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
go to landmark one without changing floors
go to the orange room only through the onest floor
go to landmark two through the orange room .
while remaining within the blue room , go to landmark two .
go to the purple room , then proceed to landmark one .
go to landmark three only through the twond floor
do n't leave the yellow room and go to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark three
avoid the green room until going to the purple room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the orange room .
stay on the second floor while going to the blue room .
navigate to the purple room staying on the first floor .
go to the blue room , then go to the purple room .
avoid the red room until going through landmark one .
go to landmark one , then down to the blue room .
remain on the first floor and move to the green room .
go to landmark one without leaving yellow room .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the blue room .
go through the blue room before going to the green room .
go to landmark three and then go to the onest floor .
go to landmark three before going to the green room .
navigate to the blue room before you go to landmark three .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the purple room
go to the second floor then go to the first floor .
from the second floor , navigate to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark two .
stay on the third floor to get to landmark two .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the blue room .
go to landmark two while staying on the third floor .
go from the third floor to the purple room
avoid the red room and go to the orange room .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark three .
go through landmark one and navigate to the orange room .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the orange room .
go to the orange room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
go to landmark one and then the orange room
go to landmark two without first passing through landmark three .
go to landmark one without leaving the red room .
go to landmark two before navigating to the second floor .
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the first floor .
pass through the green room on your way to the third floor .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark one
go through landmark one before going to the orange room .
avoid landmark two and move into the yellow room .
go to the third floor by going through landmark one .
go to the purple room via landmark one .
navigate to the purple room by passing through the third floor .
go to landmark three and then to landmark one .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the orange room
move to the first floor , travelling through landmark two .
go to landmark three and then the green room
avoid the orange room , navigate to the purple room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the purple room
avoid the purple room until you navigate to landmark one .
first go to the green room and then go to landmark three .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
avoid landmark one until after reaching landmark three .
avoid landmark three until you pass through red room .
first go to to landmark three then go to the orange room .
pass through the blue room before going to the third floor .
go to orange room , but do not go to purple room .
go to red room , but do not go to purple room .
move towards red room and then to third floor .
from the third floor , navigate to the green room .
move towards blue room and then to first floor .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the yellow room .
go through the third floor to landmark one .
go to the purple room and avoid landmark two .
avoid the red room , navigate to the yellow room .
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark two .
move to the purple room without leaving the second floor .
go to the third floor but avoid the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor , avoiding landmark one .
go to landmark two from the second floor only .
go to the second floor and then go to the orange room .
go to the second floor via the red room .
always avoid the orange room , go to the third floor .
go to the red room and go down to the onest floor .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the purple room .
first go to to landmark three then go to the purple room .
while remaining within the green room , go to landmark three .
avoid landmark two until going to the purple room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark two .
avoid the purple room and go to the second floor .
move to landmark three without entering the yellow room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to the orange room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the green room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the purple room
go to the orange room via landmark one .
go to the yellow room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the red room and avoid the blue room .
go to the orange room/landmark one through landmark three/green room
move to the red room without leaving the first floor .
go to the twond floor , then go to the green room
go to landmark two and then go to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark two .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room .
proceed to the yellow room but do n't leave the second floor .
go through the third floor and navigate to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the third floor .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark three .
go to the yellow room by first going through the orange room .
avoid the purple room until going to landmark three .
avoid the blue room
while always avoiding the yellow room , go to landmark two .
go to the second floor but avoid the green room .
go to the third floor before you go to the second floor .
go to the third floor always avoiding the green room .
go to landmark one while staying on the first floor .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the yellow room .
stay in the purple room to get to landmark three .
go through landmark three before going to the third floor .
go to the purple room while staying on the second floor .
go to the third floor by first going through the green room .
avoid the red room until you go to the blue room .
go to the blue room and go down to the onest floor .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark two
go from the first floor to the blue room
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the orange room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark one .
move to the green room and then move to landmark two .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the blue room .
go to the orange room through the green room
move to the third floor but go through landmark one first .
go to landmark two and avoid the green room
go to the blue room but do not enter the purple room first .
go to the yellow room , then proceed to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until you go to the second floor .
first go to landmark one , then go to the yellow room .
do n't go into the red room until going to landmark two
move to the first floor , travelling through the red room .
avoid the blue room and travel to the red room .
do n't go into the yellow room until going to landmark two
go to the second floor and avoid the blue room .
from the third floor , navigate to the blue room .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
head to the blue room but first go to the second floor .
go to the second floor then move to the green room .
proceed to the blue room but do n't leave the first floor .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark three .
go to the blue room without going to the purple room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the purple room .
go to green room and then to purple room
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark three
go to landmark two through the onest floor
navigate to the red room after going to the first floor .
go through the red room first , then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one but do not enter the green room first .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the green room .
avoid landmark three until you go to the red room .
go to the red room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to green room , but do not go to purple room .
navigate directly to landmark one .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to landmark two .
go to the onest floor through landmark three
go to the blue room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the orange room .
avoid the blue room
avoid the red room until navigating to the purple room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the third floor .
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
move to landmark two without leaving the second floor .
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark three .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the red room .
avoid the red room until landmark one .
go to the purple room without going through the red room .
go to landmark one , then down to the red room .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the green room .
go to landmark three always avoiding the orange room .
go to one st floor after threerd floor
avoid the green room until landmark three .
go to the green room through the blue room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the purple room
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark one .
go to red room and then to orange room
visit the yellow room and then move to the third floor .
go to first floor and then to landmark one
go to the purple room and then go to landmark two .
move to the blue room and then the yellow room .
go to the blue room by first going through landmark two .
remain on the second floor while going to the blue room .
go to the orange room without going to the purple room
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
move to the red room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark two .
go from onest floor to landmark three .
avoid landmark one until you have passed through landmark three
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
go to landmark three and then go to the first floor .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark one
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
avoid landmark three until you go to the orange room .
avoid landmark one and move into the yellow room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the red room
go up to the first floor without going to landmark three .
go to landmark three before going to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room
go to the blue room but do not enter the yellow room first .
stay on the first floor and go to the red room .
avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
go to the red room through the yellow room
pass through the red room before going to the second floor .
go to the first floor via landmark three .
go to landmark one through the green room
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark three .
always pass landmark two to get to level one .
stay in the red room and go to landmark two and stop
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark three .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark two
go to landmark two but do not enter the orange room first .
navigate from the third floor to the orange room .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the green room .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark one , then down to the orange room .
go to the blue room but do not enter the red room first .
do n't go into the yellow room until going to landmark three
go to the blue room and then go to landmark one .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark three .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark one .
always avoid landmark two and go to the purple room .
go to the red room before you go to landmark one .
go to landmark one but do not enter the purple room first .
go to the second floor without going through the red room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the red room , or be done .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark two and stop
move to the third floor , travelling through the orange room .
go from the third floor to the red room
go from the onest floor to landmark three
avoid the orange room and go to the green room .
stay on the first floor while going to the yellow room .
go to landmark one only through the twond floor
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the green room
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the blue room .
go to the green room and then navigate to the purple room .
go to the purple room by first going through the green room .
stay on the second floor while going to the green room .
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark two .
go to the twond floor but avoid the green room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the blue room
always go to landmark one before navigating to the green room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the purple room .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the purple room .
go to the first floor then move to the green room .
go to the red room through the second floor
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
get to landmark three , while avoiding landmark one
go to landmark two always avoiding the blue room .
move to the red room then continue to the yellow room .
go to the red room through the third floor .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the orange room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the purple room
go to landmark two then go to the red room .
always avoid the red room , go to landmark one .
robot , go to the purple room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark one .
do n't leave the blue room and go to landmark two .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark one .
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark one .
move to the orange room and then move to landmark two .
stay in the red room and go to landmark one .
do n't go into the green room until going to landmark three
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the red room .
go through the blue room before going to landmark three
avoid the purple room until reaching the second floor .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark three .
go to landmark one before going to the orange room .
avoid the red room until going to landmark two .
go to landmark one and then go to the first floor .
go to the orange room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room through the twond floor
go to landmark three while staying on the first floor .
go to landmark one without changing floors .
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark two .
avoid landmark two and move into the green room .
go to the red room .
go to the orange room without going to landmark three .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the blue room .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the yellow room .
always avoid the blue room , go to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the orange room
go to the red room avoiding landmark one .
go to the second floor without going to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching the second floor .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the yellow room .
go to landmark two while avoiding the first and third floor .
avoid landmark three while traveling to landmark one. once there , you may travel to landmark three .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark one .
visit the third floor then go to the second floor .
stay in the green room to get to landmark three .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark one .
go to the yellow room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark one
go to landmark three and then go to the onest floor .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the green room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark two .
go to first floor without going into the yellow room
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark two .
navigate to the first floor but do n't ever go to landmark one .
navigate to the red room through the purple room .
always go through landmark two and then to the yellow room .
go to landmark two then go to the third floor .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the third floor .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the red room .
go to landmark one and then the green room
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the orange room .
go to landmark two by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
navigate to the second floor , avoiding landmark three .
avoid the orange room until going to the red room .
go to landmark three then go to the red room .
avoid the blue room until going to the second floor .
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark one .
go through the purple room before going to landmark one
navigate to the orange room but never go to the red room .
go to landmark one , then head to the first floor .
go to the orange room without going to the purple room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the purple room .
always avoid the landmark three and travel to landmark one .
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark one .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the red room .
go to landmark one via the second floor .
stay in the red room and go to landmark two
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark three
stay in the red room to get to landmark three .
go from twond floor to blue room .
first go to to landmark three then go to the yellow room .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to the second floor .
always go through the orange room to get to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until you go through the purple room .
go to landmark two always avoiding the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the blue room .
go to the purple room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the second floor then move to the purple room .
head to landmark two after going to the orange room .
go to the first floor through landmark one .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the red room .
avoid the blue room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the blue room , or just stay on the second floor .
go to the first floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the orange room
avoid the blue room until going through landmark one .
go from onest floor to landmark one .
always pass landmark three to get to level one .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the orange room .
go to the yellow room and avoid the orange room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the green room
avoid landmark three and proceed to landmark one
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the yellow room .
go through the green room before going to the first floor .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the purple room .
move to the third floor without entering the blue room .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the blue room .
go to landmark one through the yellow room .
move to landmark one. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go to the blue room without touching landmark three .
go to landmark two before going to the green room .
go through the orange room to the first floor .
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark three .
go to the orange room through landmark one .
do not go into the green room until going to landmark two
go through landmark two and navigate to the yellow room .
move to the yellow room without leaving the third floor .
go to the red room , then go to landmark three .
go up to the first floor without going to landmark one .
go to landmark three without leaving the yellow room .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the purple room .
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark two .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark two
without stepping outside of the yellow room , go to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until you have passed through landmark one
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the blue room .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the orange room .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark two
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark three
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the purple room .
go to the blue room without going to landmark three .
avoid landmark two until after the orange room
go to landmark three and proceed to landmark one .
go to a spot in the purple room , but do n't touch landmark three .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the purple room .
proceed to the green room by going through the blue room .
go to landmark two by going through landmark one
avoid the green room on your way to landmark one .
go to landmark one and avoid the purple room .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the green room .
go to landmark two through the first floor .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the green room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark three .
go to the green room without touching landmark two .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the second floor .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark three and stop
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
always pass landmark one before landmark three .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the yellow room .
go through the second floor to the green room
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark one .
always avoid the blue room and go to the purple room .
go to the blue room by first going through landmark one .
do n't leave the orange room and go to landmark two .
go to the twond floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the orange room .
avoid the green room until passing landmark three .
go to the green room only through the onest floor
go to landmark two by only stepping in the red room .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark three .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark three .
proceed to the purple room by going through the red room .
go to landmark one before going to the second floor .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the red room first .
go to the first floor without going to the green room .
go to landmark two without leaving purple room .
go to landmark one through landmark three .
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark three .
always go through the red room and then to landmark two .
avoid the blue room and go to the third floor .
go to landmark three .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the second floor .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the green room .
visit landmark three but do n't leave the third floor .
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark three
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark one .
go to orange room , but do not go to yellow room .
go to the second floor then go to the yellow room
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the second floor .
move to landmark three , but go through the red room first .
avoid the purple room and travel to the red room .
go to green room , but do not go to yellow room .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the green room .
proceed to the blue room .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the yellow room
go to the blue room avoiding landmark two .
go to the first floor and then go to the blue room .
go to landmark two and avoid the blue room .
go to the red room without going to the green room .
go to the first floor by first going through the purple room .
go to landmark two before going to the purple room .
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark two .
go to the orange room through landmark three .
go through landmark one and navigate to the blue room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark three .
go to landmark three via the third floor .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the yellow room .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the green room .
from the third floor , navigate to the purple room .
do not go into the green room until going to landmark three
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark two .
move to the second floor but go through landmark one first .
avoid the red room and go to the second floor .
go to the blue room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the yellow room .
go to the blue room without going to the red room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the red room .
robot , go to the yellow room .
go through landmark one before going to the second floor .
navigate to the first floor through the red room .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the orange room .
remain on the third floor and move to the blue room .
go to the first floor and avoid the orange room .
always go through landmark two and then to the red room .
go to the third floor but never go to the green room .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark one .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark two .
avoid the green room until you go to landmark three .
go through landmark three and then to the onest floor .
avoid the orange room until going to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room
go through the blue room then to the first floor .
avoid the red room and navigate to the green room .
go to the third floor but do not go through the purple room first .
go to the twond floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the yellow room .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark one .
go to the blue room without going to landmark one .
go to the third floor , then head to the first floor .
go to the red room through the twond floor
avoid landmark three , and go to landmark one .
navigate from the second floor to the purple room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the blue room .
avoid landmark one until after the yellow room
do n't go into the purple room until going to landmark two
go from the first floor to the yellow room
go to the first floor but do not go through the orange room first .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the green room .
avoid the orange room and travel to the purple room .
go to the second floor then the first floor .
go to purple room and then to yellow room
go to the purple room and avoid the green room .
avoid the purple room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the purple room , or just stay on the third floor .
go to the blue room through the twond floor
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the red room .
navigate to the third floor , and then navigate to the second floor .
always avoid landmark one and go to the blue room .
move to landmark two after moving to the second floor .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the green room
go to third floor without going into the blue room
go to the green room without ever leaving the first floor .
go to the first floor then move to the yellow room .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark two .
always go to landmark three before landmark two .
avoid landmark one until going to the orange room .
go to the red room , avoiding landmark two .
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark three .
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to first floor .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the orange room .
go to the orange room without going to landmark two .
navigate directly to landmark two .
move to the green room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the first floor then go to landmark one .
avoid the blue room and go to the first floor .
go to the red room , then go to the second floor .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
go through the purple room to the yellow room .
without leaving the second floor go to the green room .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the orange room .
go to the first floor , and then go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark two .
go to the orange room , then go to landmark one .
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark two
move to landmark one and then proceed to the orange room .
go to the second floor via landmark three .
first navigate to landmark one , then go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
go through the purple room before going to landmark one
head to the orange room .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the green room .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark two .
navigate to the red room but never go to the orange room .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the yellow room .
go through the green room , then make your way to landmark three .
go to landmark three before going to the third floor .
go to the purple room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the orange room .
go to landmark one then go to the purple room .
navigate to the yellow room through the purple room .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark three .
go to the second floor but do not go through the green room first .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark three .
always avoid landmark three and go to the orange room .
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the green room
go to the twond floor and then go to the green room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the third floor .
go to the orange room through landmark three
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark one .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark one
go to the second floor and then to landmark two .
navigate to the red room staying on the third floor .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two
go to the blue room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the purple room .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the blue room .
avoid the red room and go to the third floor .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the red room
go through the first floor and navigate to the purple room .
got to landmark one through the green room .
go through landmark two to the green room .
avoid the red room until you go to the purple room .
avoid the red room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the third floor .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the purple room .
go to the green room while avoiding landmark two
move towards purple room and then to second floor .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark three
avoid the green room and go to landmark one .
avoid the green room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the green room .
go to landmark two through the blue room
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the red room via landmark one .
go to the purple room by touching the blue room .
without leaving the first floor go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one without going to landmark three
go to the green room , avoiding landmark one .
go to the red room and avoid the orange room .
do n't leave the purple room and go to landmark two .
head to the red room and then head to the second floor .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the green room .
remain on the third floor and move to the orange room .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark one .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the orange room .
go through landmark three to the yellow room .
avoid landmark one until going to the red room .
navigate from the first floor to the yellow room .
visit the red room and then move to the first floor .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the purple room .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the yellow room .
go from the third floor to the green room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark one .
go to landmark one , then down to the blue room .
avoid the blue room and travel to the orange room .
navigate to the blue room by passing through the third floor .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the purple room .
go to landmark three and remain within the yellow room .
go from the third floor to landmark two .
go through the blue room , then make your way to landmark two .
avoid the red room , navigate to the green room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark two
avoid the green room , navigate to the orange room .
proceed to the purple room by going through the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until going to the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to the green room
go from the orange room to the yellow room
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the third floor .
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark one
go to the blue room and then go to landmark two .
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark three .
go to the orange room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the red room .
move to the third floor , travelling through the green room .
avoid the green room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the green room .
visit landmark one but do n't leave the first floor .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark two .
avoid the green room and go to landmark three .
go from twond floor to green room .
stay on the third floor and go to the blue room .
go to the third floor then move to the blue room .
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark two .
navigate from the third floor to the yellow room .
without leaving the purple room go to landmark three .
stay on the second floor and move to landmark one .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark two .
go to the red room without touching landmark three .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the blue room .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the yellow room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
avoid the red room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the red room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room by passing through the second floor .
go from the onest floor to landmark one
always avoid going to landmark one through the purple room
go through the first floor to the blue room .
go to the first floor but never go to the yellow room .
without stepping outside of the yellow room , go to landmark two .
move to the second floor without entering the red room .
proceed to the orange room but do n't leave the first floor .
go to landmark one without changing floors
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the blue room .
go through the third floor to the purple room .
navigate to the purple room through the blue room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark three
avoid the green room and go to the first floor .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the red room .
move to the purple room and then the orange room .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to third floor and then to landmark one
navigate through landmark three and go to the red room .
go to the green room while staying on the second floor .
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark two .
go through the blue room before going to the orange room .
go to landmark one and then go to the third floor .
go through the red room to the green room .
avoid the purple room until passing landmark one .
move to the yellow room and then the red room .
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark three .
go to landmark two before going to the second floor .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark one .
go through the red room , then make your way to landmark one .
go through landmark one and then to the onest floor .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
go to landmark one without changing floors .
navigate to the purple room by passing through the first floor .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark three
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark three .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go to the third floor but do not go through the blue room first .
go to the orange room by touching the blue room .
proceed to the purple room but do n't leave the first floor .
move to landmark two without leaving the first floor .
go to the blue room through landmark two .
go to the yellow room via landmark three .
go to landmark two and always avoid the green room
navigate to the yellow room after going to the second floor .
go through the second floor and navigate to the orange room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark three .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the green room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the yellow room .
avoid the green room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the purple room .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the red room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
avoid the purple room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the purple room .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark two .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark two
go to the green room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the green room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the red room .
go to the third floor but avoid landmark three .
travel to landmark two .
go to the green room through the yellow room
go to the red room without going through the orange room .
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark three .
proceed to the purple room but do n't leave the third floor .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the blue room
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the orange room .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the red room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the second floor .
stay in the red room to get to landmark one .
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark one .
avoid the green room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark one .
go to landmark two and then the blue room
avoid the blue room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark two .
proceed to the purple room but do n't leave the second floor .
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until going to the first floor .
go to the green room through landmark three .
go to the red room , then go to the orange room .
go from the purple room to the yellow room
go to the third floor through the red room .
go to the blue room while staying on the first floor .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark one through the orange room
avoid the yellow room until you go through the green room .
go to the red room only through the onest floor
move to landmark one , but go through the yellow room first .
go to landmark two only through the twond floor
go to the red room without ever leaving the third floor .
go to the blue room , then go to the third floor .
go to the orange room and then go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room through the third floor .
go to the orange room by touching the green room .
go to landmark three , then up to landmark one .
go to the orange room , then proceed to landmark two .
go to the green room , then go to the purple room .
from the second floor , navigate to the green room .
navigate to landmark one through the green room .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the red room .
navigate to the red room staying on the second floor .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark two .
navigate from the second floor to the yellow room .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the red room .
avoid the red room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the second floor .
avoid the green room until navigating to the purple room .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the green room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark two .
move to anywhere on the second floor , then move to anywhere on the first floor .
go to the orange room through the third floor .
go through the first floor to the purple room
go to the twond floor but avoid the red room .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark one .
go to landmark two without changing floors .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the green room .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the orange room
go to anywhere on the first floor .
go through the blue room , then make your way to landmark three .
go from the third floor to the purple room .
go to the yellow room , then proceed to landmark one .
go to the green room
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the third floor .
go to the onest floor through landmark three
go to landmark one while avoiding going through any other objects
go through the green room before going to the yellow room .
first go to to landmark one then go to the yellow room .
remain on the second floor and move to the purple room .
move to the orange room and then the red room .
go to the landmark one before going to landmark three
avoid landmark one until reaching the orange room .
go to the first floor but never go to the blue room .
avoid the blue room until you go to the first floor .
go to the green room before going to the purple room .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the yellow room .
do n't leave the red room and go to landmark one .
go to landmark three avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark three .
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark two .
go to the red room through the purple room
go through landmark two on your way to the second floor .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the purple room .
go through the yellow room before navigating to landmark two .
go to landmark two and always avoid the orange room
go to the third floor through the purple room .
go to the first floor and then to landmark one .
go to the third floor then go to landmark two .
while always avoiding the yellow room , go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the red room .
go to the blue room without touching landmark two .
go to the first floor then move to the orange room .
without stepping outside of the orange room , go to landmark one .
go to landmark one but do not enter the blue room first .
navigate to landmark three through the blue room .
go through landmark two before going to the purple room .
go to the first floor then the second floor .
go to landmark three through the green room .
go to the first floor avoiding the green room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the green room
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the orange room
go to a spot in the blue room , but do n't touch landmark one .
stay in the green room and go to landmark one and stop
go to landmark three .
move to landmark one after moving to the third floor .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the first floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the purple room
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the purple room .
move to the green room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark three .
do n't leave the orange room and go to landmark one .
do n't leave the yellow room and go to landmark three .
avoid the purple room until you go to the blue room .
visit the purple room and then move to the third floor .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark two .
go to the twond floor and then go to the orange room .
avoid the red room until you go through the blue room .
go to the second floor avoiding the green room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the green room
go to landmark two through the green room
go to the purple room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark two .
remain on the second floor and move to the blue room .
move to the purple room then continue to the orange room .
go from the third floor to the red room .
go to the third floor but never go to the red room .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one then landmark two .
go to green room , but do not go to blue room .
move to landmark one after moving to the second floor .
navigate to the second floor before going to the red room .
avoid the orange room and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one before going to the first floor .
go from the second floor to the red room .
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark three .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark one .
navigate to the purple room through the green room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the yellow room .
always go through the orange room to get to the green room .
go through the orange room before going to landmark one
go to the third floor always avoiding the purple room .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark three .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the green room .
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to the landmark three before going to landmark one
go to landmark three by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
move to the second floor .
navigate to the red room through the green room .
move to landmark two , but go through the green room first .
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
go through the red room before going to landmark three
go to the red room only through the onest floor
go through the third floor and navigate to the purple room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the blue room
go to second floor without going into the green room
go to the red room only through the onest floor
go to landmark one through the onest floor
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room , then go to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room until landmark two .
go to the purple room without ever leaving the first floor .
proceed to the red room by going through the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor via the yellow room .
visit the orange room and then move to the second floor .
head to landmark two after going to the red room .
head to landmark one after going to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark one .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the purple room first .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the yellow room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the purple room
advance to landmark three but always avoid the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the red room .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the purple room .
without leaving the first floor go to the blue room .
while remaining within the green room , go to landmark one .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the blue room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the orange room
go to the yellow room through landmark two .
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark one .
first go to landmark one , then go to the red room .
go to third floor and then to landmark three
avoid the green room and travel to the orange room .
go to the orange room by first going through the blue room .
move to the red room and then the orange room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the purple room .
go to the green room through the first floor .
go to the third floor by first going through the purple room .
go to the yellow room without going to the blue room .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
always go from the third floor to the second floor .
avoid the red room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark two .
avoid the red room and go to the green room .
navigate through landmark two and go to the yellow room .
avoid landmark two until you go to the blue room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the red room .
navigate to the first floor through the green room .
go to the green room before going to the orange room .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the third floor .
go through landmark one to the blue room .
go to the third floor then go to the yellow room
avoid the green room until navigating to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the purple room .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark one .
got to landmark three through the green room .
go to landmark one while avoiding going through any other objects
avoid landmark three until after the purple room
move to the third floor by going through the orange room
go to the red room without going to the green room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the green room .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the first floor .
avoid landmark three until you pass through green room .
go to landmark three through the orange room
avoid the blue room and go to landmark two .
go to the green room before you go to landmark two .
go to the second floor , then head to the first floor .
avoid the orange room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the orange room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to the second floor through the third floor .
avoid landmark two until going to the orange room .
go to landmark two but do not enter the blue room first .
move to the purple room without changing floors .
go through landmark two and then to the onest floor .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the yellow room
go through the red room to the orange room .
go to the yellow room and avoid the purple room .
go through the yellow room before going to the third floor .
go to the red room avoiding landmark three .
go to green room and then to red room
go through the yellow room before going to landmark three
go to the second floor after going to the first floor .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the purple room
avoid the green room , navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the orange room .
without leaving the orange room go to landmark one .
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark one .
always avoid the blue room , go to the second floor .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the green room .
avoid the orange room until going through landmark one .
move to the blue room and then the green room .
go to the red room through the orange room .
go to landmark two by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark two
go to blue room and then to green room
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the purple room
avoid the blue room until you go to the second floor .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the orange room
go to the second floor always avoiding the orange room .
move to the third floor but go through landmark two first .
travel through the red room then go to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until going through landmark three .
go to the third floor via landmark two .
go through the blue room first , then go to the red room .
go to the orange room while staying on the third floor .
while always avoiding the purple room , go to landmark one .
navigate from the third floor to the blue room .
go through the green room to the purple room .
go to the third floor always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark three via the second floor .
go to purple room , but do not go to orange room .
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark three .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark two .
move to landmark one without leaving the second floor .
go to landmark three before going to the yellow room .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the green room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark three .
always avoid the blue room , go to landmark one .
go through the first floor to landmark two .
go to a spot in the red room , but do n't touch landmark three .
stay on the second floor to get to landmark one .
go to purple room , but do not go to blue room .
avoid the purple room until landmark two .
go to the purple room and then go to the green room .
go through the green room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid landmark one until navigating to landmark two .
go to the third floor avoiding the green room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the green room
go to landmark three before going to the purple room .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark one .
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the second floor .
go to landmark two , avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the red room .
remain on the third floor while going to the green room .
go from the first floor to landmark one .
go to the orange room by first going through the green room .
go to landmark two before going to the orange room
navigate to the green room through the yellow room .
go to landmark one without leaving green room .
go to blue room and then to orange room
always go through the purple room to get to the red room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark three
always avoid the red room and go to landmark three .
go to landmark one and then go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the purple room .
proceed to the orange room by going through the yellow room .
go to second floor and then to landmark three
go to blue room and then to red room
navigate to the third floor , and then navigate to the first floor .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark two
always avoid the blue room and go to the red room .
move to the blue room without changing floors .
always avoid landmark three and go to the purple room .
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the blue room .
go to the purple room before you go to landmark one .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark three .
move to the green room then continue to the red room .
go through the orange room to landmark two .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the green room .
go to landmark two avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark two .
avoid the green room until going through landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark two .
stay on the second floor and go to landmark three .
go through the third floor to the green room .
go to the purple room , then go to landmark two .
go from the twond floor to the yellow room
go from the third floor to the blue room .
go to landmark one from the second floor only .
go to the third floor but avoid the red room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until going to the orange room .
go to the first floor and avoid the purple room .
got to landmark two through the green room .
avoid the orange room
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the red room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark two
go to the twond floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the blue room .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the yellow room .
go from the blue room to the purple room
go to the green room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the green room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
always go through the red room before going to landmark one .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the orange room .
go to the blue room , then go to the orange room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark two .
navigate to the red room by passing through the second floor .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark one .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the green room .
go to or through landmark one avoiding going through landmark three
go to landmark two without changing floors
navigate to landmark one through the red room .
go through the second floor to the blue room .
go from twond floor to blue room .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the blue room .
go to the green room without going to the red room
move to the purple room then continue to the green room .
move to the purple room without leaving the first floor .
navigate directly to the second floor .
avoid the blue room and go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room before going to the yellow room .
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark one .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room
go to landmark three avoiding the first and third floors .
go to landmark two and avoid the green room .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the green room .
go to the orange room but do not enter the green room first .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the green room .
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark one .
go to the red room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the yellow room .
go to landmark three , then go to landmark two .
pass through the purple room before going to the second floor .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the red room
avoid the green room on your way to landmark two .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark one
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark three .
go to landmark two without changing floors .
avoid landmark one until you pass through purple room .
go through the purple room to the third floor .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the blue room .
go to landmark two and remain within the green room .
go to the orange room , then go to the third floor .
avoid landmark one and move into the blue room .
go to the onest floor through the blue room
go through the second floor to the blue room
move to the first floor , travelling through landmark one .
go to landmark two through the onest floor
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the orange room .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the yellow room .
go to the purple room before going to the green room .
go to the red room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the purple room .
go to landmark one and avoid the green room .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the orange room .
go to a spot in the purple room , but do n't touch landmark two .
go through the second floor to the yellow room .
while remaining within the orange room , go to landmark two .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the yellow room .
go to the third floor via the red room .
go to the purple room but do not enter the red room first .
go to landmark one before going to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the purple room .
avoid landmark three until you go to the green room .
go to the red room by first going through the blue room .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
go through landmark two and then to the onest floor .
go to the blue room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the green room .
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark three
stay on the second floor and go to the purple room .
go through the third floor to the first floor .
go to landmark one while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to the onest floor through landmark three
go through the green room before navigating to landmark two .
go to the first floor through the second floor .
go to the orange room/landmark two through landmark three/green room
move to the third floor without entering the orange room .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the orange room .
go through the blue room before going to landmark one
go to the orange room without going through the green room .
go to the orange room through the blue room .
move to the first floor without entering the purple room .
go to yellow room and then to orange room
go to landmark one while always avoiding the yellow room
always go through the blue room to get to the purple room .
go through the orange room , then make your way to landmark two .
go through the purple room before going to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you go to landmark one .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark one .
go to the third floor by first going through the yellow room .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
go to landmark two and avoid the purple room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
stay in the green room and go to landmark two
avoid the purple room , navigate to the green room .
go to landmark one before going to the green room .
move to landmark one without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the red room .
go to the purple room without going to the red room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the red room .
go up to the first floor without going to landmark two .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the green room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three. if you 've reached landmark three then you can go to landmark one .
go to landmark one and remain within the blue room .
remain on the first floor while going to the blue room .
always avoid the blue room , go to the third floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the orange room .
navigate to the third floor through the green room .
always avoid the blue room and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the green room
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
first go to landmark two , then go to the purple room .
go to landmark one , avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
proceed to the orange room by going through the red room .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark one .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark one
go to landmark three without leaving blue room .
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark two .
go to the third floor but do not go through the red room first .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark two .
always avoid the orange room and go to the purple room .
go to the green room before you go to landmark three .
go to landmark two after navigating to the third floor .
go through the blue room before going to landmark two
navigate to the first floor before going to the purple room .
go to purple room , but do not go to yellow room .
go from the second floor to landmark three .
go to landmark three and avoid the yellow room .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
go to the first floor via the red room .
go to landmark two always avoiding the green room .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark three .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to the green room by first going through the purple room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the blue room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the yellow room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark two .
always avoid the red room and go to the yellow room .
pass through landmark two on your way to the second floor .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
go to the twond floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the green room .
go to the orange room and avoid the blue room .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark two .
avoid the red room until reaching the third floor .
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark one .
stay on the first floor and move to landmark one .
go to the green room without going through the purple room .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the first floor .
avoid landmark one and go to the third floor .
move to landmark three after moving to the first floor .
go to landmark one and always avoid the red room
go to the third floor
go through the orange room before going to landmark two
avoid landmark one until you pass through blue room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the blue room
go through the purple room before going to the orange room .
go to the orange room and avoid landmark three .
go to landmark three then go to the green room .
avoid landmark three and go to the blue room .
go to landmark two through the second floor .
go to the yellow room through landmark two
go to the green room by first visiting landmark one .
go from onest floor to landmark one .
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark three .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the purple room .
go to the red room without ever leaving the second floor .
always avoid the green room and go to the red room .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark one
go to the orange room and avoid landmark one .
avoid the red room until you go through the orange room .
go to landmark one and then go to the orange room .
go to landmark three without changing floors
move to landmark three after moving to the third floor .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the red room .
go to the red room , then go to the yellow room .
navigate to the red room but never go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark two .
go to landmark one , then up to landmark two .
always go through the blue room and then to landmark three .
go to the yellow room , then go to the orange room .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
go to yellow room and then to green room
go to yellow room , but do not go to purple room .
go to the green room by first going through the yellow room .
go to landmark three then go to the first floor .
go to the purple room through the second floor .
go to the orange room and then navigate to the green room .
pass through the purple room on your way to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the purple room .
go to the purple room , then go to the green room .
got to landmark two through the green room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the red room .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the blue room .
go to landmark one always avoiding the orange room .
while always avoiding the orange room , go to landmark two .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark one
avoid the purple room
travel through the yellow room then go to the orange room .
go to the red room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go through landmark two and navigate to the purple room .
avoid the red room until landmark three .
always avoid the green room and go to landmark one .
go to the red room
go to landmark one while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to a spot in the green room , but do n't touch landmark three .
go to the orange room through the yellow room .
go to the first floor by first going to the third floor .
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark two
go to the second floor avoiding landmark one .
go to the third floor and then go to the blue room .
go through the blue room to landmark three .
go to the first floor after going to the third floor .
go to the orange room and avoid landmark two .
go through landmark three to landmark two .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the blue room .
go to landmark three but do not enter the purple room first .
go to the third floor and then to landmark one .
avoid the purple room until landmark one .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark three and stop
go through the purple room then to the first floor .
go to the green room by first going through the blue room .
go to the purple room , then go to landmark one .
go to the third floor but do not go through the orange room first .
go through landmark one to the third floor .
move through landark one to landmark two .
go through the purple room before going to landmark three
go to landmark one then go to the third floor .
navigate to the first floor .
go to the first floor via the green room .
stay on the first floor while going to the purple room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the green room
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the orange room .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark two .
go to landmark three and always avoid the purple room
travel through the blue room then go to the yellow room .
go through the third floor to the blue room .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to third floor .
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the red room .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark three and remain within the green room .
go to landmark three and avoid the green room
always avoid the purple room , go to the third floor .
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
move to landmark one , but go through the red room first .
stay on the third floor and move to landmark three .
go to the green room , then go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room by first going through the purple room .
move to the red room without changing floors .
always avoid the green room , go to the second floor .
go to the green room by first going through the orange room .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark three .
go to the purple room by touching the red room .
travel through the red room then go to the green room .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the green room .
avoid the red room until passing landmark three .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark three .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark one .
go from the yellow room to the red room
go to landmark two and then go to the onest floor .
without leaving the second floor go to the red room .
first navigate to landmark three , then go to landmark one .
navigate to the purple room after going to the second floor .
avoid the purple room until going through landmark two .
while always avoiding the red room , go to landmark one .
go to the third floor by going through landmark three .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the orange room .
go to the orange room by first going through the yellow room .
go to the second floor and then head to landmark one .
avoid the purple room until after going to the third floor .
avoid landmark three until going to the red room .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the yellow room .
go to landmark one , then go to landmark three .
go to landmark one , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the third floor always avoiding the red room .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark three .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the red room .
move to the third floor and then head to landmark three .
avoid the red room until reaching the first floor .
navigate to the first floor always passing through the third floor .
go through the green room then to the third floor .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the second floor .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the green room .
go to the orange room , then go to the green room .
move to the second floor , travelling through the red room .
go to the orange room through the purple room
go to the second floor avoiding landmark three .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the blue room .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the orange room .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the first floor .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark three .
go to landmark three before going to the green room
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the orange room
go to landmark two then go to the purple room .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark one .
go to the green room through landmark two
go to the second floor while always avoiding the red room .
go to the red room without ever leaving the first floor .
avoid the purple room until going to landmark two .
go to the yellow room through the blue room .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark one .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark two .
move towards red room and then to first floor .
go to the first floor but do not go through the red room first .
visit the orange room and then move to the first floor .
always go to landmark one before landmark three .
go through the blue room and navigate to the second floor .
always go through the orange room to get to the red room .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark one
always go through the blue room to get to the yellow room .
go to the green room , then proceed to landmark one .
avoid landmark one until you pass through red room .
go to the orange room without going to the purple room .
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark two .
avoid landmark three until you have passed through landmark two
avoid landmark three until you go to the yellow room .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the purple room .
go to landmark one through the blue room
move towards green room and then to second floor .
go to the onest floor through landmark one
go to landmark two through landmark three
go to the first floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the yellow room , or be done .
go to the orange room before going to the green room .
move to anywhere on the third floor , then move to anywhere on the first floor .
navigate to the third floor before going to the purple room .
go to the second floor but do not go through the blue room first .
while remaining within the blue room , go to landmark one .
go to the green room and go down to the onest floor .
proceed to landmark two but avoid landmark three on the way . if you have reached landmark two then you can proceed to landmark three .
navigate through landmark three then go to landmark one .
navigate to the yellow room through the red room .
go to the green room through the blue room
navigate to the third floor but do n't ever go to landmark one .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the green room .
go through the first floor and navigate to the orange room .
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark three .
go through the first floor and navigate to the red room .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
go through the blue room first , then go to the purple room .
go to landmark three by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the red room .
go to the purple room through the orange room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the red room .
go to the red room , then go to the first floor .
go to the yellow room through the blue room
stay on the third floor and go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room through the green room .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the purple room .
avoid the red room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to the blue room before going to the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the third floor .
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark two .
from the second floor , navigate to the first floor .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the second floor .
go to landmark three without changing floors .
always navigate to red room and then proceed to second floor .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the blue room .
avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
proceed to the green room but do n't leave the second floor .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the green room
stay on the first floor and go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the third floor .
go through landmark three and navigate to the blue room .
go to the first floor , then go to the purple room .
go from the onest floor to landmark two
avoid the green room until going through landmark two .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to a spot in the yellow room , but do n't touch landmark two .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the yellow room .
go to orange room , but do not go to green room .
first go to to landmark one then go to the blue room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the third floor .
go to first floor without going into the green room
go to the yellow room before going to the orange room .
go to the orange room , then go to the second floor .
move to the first floor without entering the blue room .
navigate to the third floor through the orange room .
go to the third floor , then go to the second floor .
avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark three .
visit the second floor and then proceed to the first floor .
go through the blue room first , then go to the green room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the purple room
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark one .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to landmark one .
go to the orange room
go to the onest floor
go to landmark two before navigating to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark three .
go to the second floor and avoid the yellow room .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark three .
go to the second floor avoiding the yellow room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the yellow room
avoid the yellow room until reaching the first floor .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the purple room .
go to the blue room and then go to the purple room .
go to the green room , then proceed to landmark three .
go to the second floor , then go to the green room .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to first floor .
navigate to landmark two through the red room .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark two .
move to the yellow room without leaving the first floor .
move to the green room without leaving the third floor .
avoid the red room until you go to landmark three .
go to the first floor .
go to landmark two through the yellow room .
go to the second floor via the orange room .
go from the green room to the orange room
while remaining within the red room , go to landmark one .
go through landmark one and then to the onest floor .
go to green room and then to orange room
always avoid the purple room and go to the orange room .
move to the blue room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark two .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark one .
go through landmark two to the first floor .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
travel through the blue room then go to the green room .
go to the green room through the twond floor
avoid the purple room and go to the first floor .
go to landmark three without changing floors .
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
go to landmark three , then go to landmark two
avoid the orange room until after going to the first floor .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark one
move to the first floor but go through landmark three first .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the blue room .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the purple room .
move to landmark one , but go through the blue room first .
navigate to the orange room through the blue room .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the purple room .
go from the third floor to the blue room
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark three .
go to the yellow room before you go to landmark three .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark three .
proceed to the green room but do n't leave the third floor .
move to the blue room then continue to the green room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the red room .
go to landmark two but remain on the third floor .
stay on the first floor to get to landmark two .
go to the blue room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the yellow room .
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to second floor .
move to the orange room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark one .
stay on the first floor and go to landmark one .
go to green room and then to yellow room
travel through the blue room then go to the red room .
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark two .
go to the yellow room and go down to the onest floor .
avoid the green room until going to landmark three .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room through the orange room
go to the orange room and then go to the red room .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark two .
move to the yellow room without leaving the second floor .
go to the second floor through the red room .
go to the first floor via landmark one .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the blue room .
go to the orange room and go down to the onest floor .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark one
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the second floor .
move to landmark two , but go through the red room first .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the blue room .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark one .
go to landmark one avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark one .
avoid the green room until going to the blue room .
go through landmark one and navigate to the green room .
from the second floor , navigate to the blue room .
always avoid the red room , go to the second floor .
go to blue room and then to purple room
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark one .
remain on the second floor while going to the green room .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark two
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two. if you have reached landmark two then you can go to landmark three .
go to landmark three through the second floor .
go to the first floor through the orange room .
go from the onest floor to landmark three
avoid the blue room and go to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the red room .
go to the purple room , then go to the yellow room .
move to the second floor , travelling through landmark one .
go through the orange room to the red room .
avoid the blue room until after going to the second floor .
go through the first floor to the yellow room .
go to landmark two then go to the green room .
always go through the blue room before going to landmark three .
travel through the red room then go to the orange room .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the yellow room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the orange room
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the blue room .
go to the blue room , avoiding landmark three .
go through the third floor and navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark one , then down to the orange room .
always go through landmark three and then to the yellow room .
go to landmark three avoiding the first and third floors .
avoid the blue room until going to the third floor .
go to the green room through the second floor .
avoid landmark three until you navigate to landmark two .
go to the red room while always avoiding the blue room
go through landmark two before going to the orange room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid landmark one while traveling to landmark two. once there , you may travel to landmark one .
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark one .
go to a spot in the green room , but do n't touch landmark two .
move to anywhere on the third floor , then move to anywhere on the second floor .
head to the purple room but first go to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor before going to the orange room .
always avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
go to the red room by first visiting landmark one .
go to the blue room
avoid the landmark three and go to the second floor .
go to landmark two without leaving the green room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the third floor .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the blue room .
go to landmark two and remain within the red room .
go to the green room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark three .
avoid landmark three until going to the orange room .
go through landmark three to the first floor .
go to landmark two without going to landmark three
go through the orange room , then make your way to landmark three .
first navigate to landmark three , then go to landmark two .
go to red room , but do not go to blue room .
go to the purple room only through the onest floor
avoid landmark three while traveling to landmark two. once there , you may travel to landmark three .
go to landmark three by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to the green room .
go to the third floor then go to the blue room
from the first floor , navigate to the purple room .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark one .
go to the yellow room before going to the red room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the red room .
go to the green room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the red room .
go from the first floor to the green room .
avoid the blue room and travel to the purple room .
go to the green room and then go to landmark two .
go to the twond floor and then go to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the purple room .
go to landmark three and then go to the green room .
pass through landmark one before going to the second floor .
go to the yellow room via landmark one .
navigate to the green room through the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark two through the blue room
always go to landmark three before navigating to the red room .
go to landmark two via the second floor .
go to the second floor then move to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until going to the blue room .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until after the yellow room
move to the yellow room and then the orange room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three. if you have reached landmark three then you can go to landmark one .
go through the yellow room to the orange room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the green room .
remain on the first floor and move to the blue room .
go to the second floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the blue room
go to the onest floor through the orange room
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the green room .
go to landmark one then go to the second floor .
navigate through landmark one and go to the blue room .
pass through the blue room on your way to the second floor .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until going to the yellow room .
move to the first floor by going through the purple room
avoid the orange room until going through landmark two .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark two .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark one .
go through the red room first , then go to the orange room .
start on the threerd floor , go directly to the onest floor .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the orange room .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
go through the green room first , then go to the red room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the blue room .
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark three .
move to landmark three , but go through the purple room first .
go to landmark three always avoiding the green room .
pass through the purple room on your way to the first floor .
avoid landmark one until you navigate to landmark three .
move to landmark one. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
avoid the green room until you go through the blue room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark three .
go to the third floor , then go to the green room .
avoid landmark three until after you go to landmark one .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark two .
go through the third floor to the green room
avoid the orange room until reaching the second floor .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the green room .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the yellow room .
navigate to the red room but never go to the green room .
avoid the red room until you go through the green room .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room .
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark two .
avoid the purple room until you go through the yellow room .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the blue room .
pass through the purple room on your way to the third floor .
go to the third floor then go landmark two .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
head to the red room and then head to the first floor .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the orange room .
go to landmark three and then to landmark two
avoid the green room until going to the first floor .
go to the third floor then go to the green room
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
go through landmark two and navigate to the red room .
go to the yellow room through landmark one .
avoid the orange room until you enter the purple room .
go to landmark three while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark two
go to landmark two by only stepping in the yellow room .
go to orange room , but do not go to red room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark three and stop
navigate to the red room .
go to the purple room only through the onest floor
avoid landmark one and proceed to landmark three
go to landmark two through the orange room
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the orange room .
go to landmark one and remain within the red room .
avoid landmark two until reaching the red room .
avoid the red room until you go through the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark three .
move to landmark two , but go through the purple room first .
avoid landmark three and move into the yellow room .
navigate through landmark one and go to the green room .
go to the orange room through the yellow room
always avoid landmark three , and navigate to landmark two .
go through the red room , then make your way to landmark three .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the purple room .
avoid the green room until you enter the yellow room .
navigate to the red room after going to the second floor .
go to the yellow room by first going through the red room .
navigate to the third floor , avoiding landmark three .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the green room .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the green room .
go through the orange room to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark three .
go to the yellow room through the purple room
go to the onest floor through the yellow room
go to landmark one without leaving the blue room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the orange room .
pass through the red room on your way to the second floor .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the blue room .
move to the red room without leaving the second floor .
go to landmark one and avoid the blue room .
go through the orange room to the green room .
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark one .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the yellow room .
go to the second floor via the green room .
go to the yellow room through landmark three .
navigate to the third floor through the red room .
navigate through landmark two to the second floor .
from the third floor , navigate to the yellow room .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the blue room .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark two
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two .
go to the onest floor through landmark one
head to landmark two after going to the blue room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the first floor .
go to the second floor and avoid landmark one .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark one .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark one
head to the orange room but first go to the first floor .
avoid the blue room until going through landmark three .
avoid landmark one until after the blue room
go to the blue room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
head to the blue room and then head to the first floor .
always avoid the purple room and go to the red room .
without stepping outside of the red room , go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room through landmark three
go to the blue room and then navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark two without leaving the orange room .
avoid landmark three until going to landmark one .
go through landmark three before going to the blue room .
go to the onest floor through landmark two
avoid landmark three until going to landmark two .
move to the orange room without leaving the first floor .
go to the red room but do not enter the green room first .
go through landmark one on your way to the first floor .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark two .
move to the blue room and then the orange room .
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the purple room .
from the first floor , navigate to the green room .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark two .
visit the third floor and then proceed to the second floor .
move to the red room without changing floors .
go through the green room before going to landmark one
go to the red room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
go to the green room by touching the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark three .
go to the first floor and avoid the red room .
move to the yellow room then continue to the green room .
go to the yellow room and avoid the green room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the yellow room .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until you pass through yellow room .
go to red room and then to green room
go to first floor
avoid the purple room and go to landmark one
navigate to landmark three through the red room .
go to landmark three , then go to landmark one
go to orange room and then to purple room
avoid the green room until you go to the purple room .
always go through the blue room and then to landmark two .
move to the first floor but go through landmark two first .
avoid the orange room until you enter the blue room .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the green room .
avoid the orange room and go to the second floor .
always avoid the landmark one and travel to landmark two .
head to the purple room .
go to the yellow room while staying on the second floor .
navigate to the red room staying on the first floor .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
avoid landmark three until reaching the purple room .
head to landmark one without changing floors .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to second floor .
avoid landmark one until reaching the red room .
go to the purple room without going to the green room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the green room .
go to the second floor through the orange room .
go to landmark two then go to the first floor .
go to landmark two but avoid landmark three .
go to landmark two and avoid the red room .
go to the green room .
move to the orange room then continue to the yellow room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the purple room .
go to landmark three without changing floors .
go to the yellow room
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
always avoid the orange room and go to the red room .
go through landmark one then go to landmark three .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark two and stop
go to the green room without going to the purple room .
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark two .
go to the first floor then go to the purple room
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the green room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the green room .
avoid landmark two until you pass through purple room .
move through landark one to landmark one .
navigate to the second floor before going to the orange room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark two
go to the twond floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the purple room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the purple room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark three .
go to the first floor by first going through the blue room .
go to landmark two and remain within the yellow room .
go to the orange room , then proceed to landmark three .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the orange room
go through landmark two on your way to the third floor .
travel through the yellow room then go to the red room .
go through the blue room then to the second floor .
go to the red room and then go to the purple room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the red room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the red room .
go to landmark one and always avoid the yellow room
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the purple room .
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark two .
stay on the third floor while going to the purple room .
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the purple room
go from the first floor to the red room
go to the second floor , then go to the first floor .
go to landmark two while avoiding going through any other objects
go to landmark three and then the red room
go to the second floor and avoid the orange room .
move to the blue room and then the purple room .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the orange room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the green room .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark one .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the red room .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room
always avoid the green room while navigating to the first floor .
go to the yellow room through the purple room .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the blue room .
always avoid landmark one and go to the third floor .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark two .
go through the blue room before going to the second floor .
go to the purple room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the green room .
avoid the green room until you go to the yellow room .
go from twond floor to blue room .
navigate to the green room by passing through the first floor .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the purple room
go through the blue room to the yellow room .
go to the purple room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the red room
go to the green room without going through the red room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the yellow room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the red room
go to first floor and then to landmark three
go to the second floor , then navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark three , avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
always avoid the red room and navigate to the first floor .
navigate through landmark two and go to the purple room .
go to landmark two but do not enter the red room first .
go through the purple room to landmark two .
go to the yellow room through the first floor .
move to the purple room and then move to landmark two .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the yellow room
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you go to landmark two .
go through the purple room before going to the red room .
go through the orange room before going to the red room .
go to the second floor by first going through the blue room .
move to the first floor by going through the yellow room
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark two
go from twond floor to orange room .
get to landmark two , while avoiding landmark three
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the third floor .
go through the yellow room before going to the green room .
avoid the red room and go to the first floor .
go to red room and then to purple room
go from the second floor to the yellow room .
go to the orange room through the twond floor
move to the third floor , travelling through the red room .
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark two .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the purple room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark two and stop
go to landmark three without leaving red room .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the green room .
remain on the second floor and move to the yellow room .
travel through the green room then go to the red room .
move to landmark one without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the blue room .
go to the second floor through the green room .
go to the green room through the first floor
go to the red room by first visiting landmark two .
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark one .
pass through the orange room on your way to the first floor .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark one
without leaving the red room go to landmark three .
stay on the third floor and go to the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to the blue room
go to landmark three without first passing through landmark one .
navigate to the red room but never go to the blue room .
travel through the orange room then go to the purple room .
go to the third floor , then head to the second floor .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
avoid the red room , navigate to the purple room .
go to the purple room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the red room .
avoid the red room
avoid landmark two until after the green room
go to the third floor , and then go to the first floor .
avoid landmark three until you go to the purple room .
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark two
move to the green room without changing floors .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the purple room .
go through landmark two before going to the first floor .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the purple room .
go to the purple room without going through the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the red room .
move to landmark two after moving to the first floor .
avoid landmark three until after you go to landmark two .
go to the onest floor through the blue room
go to the green room by touching the red room .
move to the red room then continue to the green room .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the green room .
go to landmark one without leaving red room .
while always avoiding the blue room , go to landmark three .
head to landmark three without changing floors .
head to landmark one after going to the purple room .
go through landmark one and then to the onest floor .
go to the first floor through the blue room .
go to the first floor by first going through the red room .
go to the green room through the yellow room .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark three .
go to landmark two and then the yellow room
go to the third floor but never go to the yellow room .
move to landmark one after moving to the first floor .
go to the green room through landmark one .
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
go to landmark two after going to landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark two .
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark two .
go from the twond floor to the red room
go to the purple room through landmark two
visit the second floor then go to the first floor .
go to the blue room before going to the orange room .
while always avoiding the purple room , go to landmark two .
navigate to the second floor before going to the yellow room .
go to the red room but do not enter the purple room first .
go to the first floor always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the red room .
go to landmark two by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
go to landmark one then go to the green room .
go to the third floor but do not go through the green room first .
move to landmark two without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the orange room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the orange room .
go to the second floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the yellow room
avoid the red room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the red room .
head to the green room and then head to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room
go to the second floor and avoid the red room .
go through the third floor and navigate to the red room .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the yellow room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the blue room .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the yellow room .
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark one
always avoid landmark one and go to the red room .
head to the yellow room .
go through the green room first , then go to the purple room .
go through the purple room before going to the green room .
always avoid the orange room and go to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two .
always avoid landmark three and go to the third floor .
go to purple room , but do not go to red room .
go to the purple room through the second floor
go to the red room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the orange room .
navigate to the third floor via the green room .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room
go to landmark two and then go to the orange room .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark one .
go to the purple room through the third floor
go to the purple room through the first floor
go to landmark two after going to landmark three .
go to the second floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the orange room
go through the purple room to the second floor .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the yellow room .
move to landmark three without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the green room .
go to the red room , then go to the green room .
go to the orange room , then go to the purple room .
go to a spot in the purple room , but do n't touch landmark one .
go through the yellow room , then make your way to landmark two .
go to landmark one and then to landmark three
visit landmark two but do n't leave the second floor .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the green room .
navigate to landmark two .
do n't leave the purple room and go to landmark one .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the blue room .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the red room .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark one without leaving the yellow room .
avoid the red room and go to the purple room .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark two
avoid the blue room until going to the first floor .
go through the green room to the orange room .
go to landmark one before going to the purple room .
proceed to the yellow room but do n't leave the first floor .
go to the first floor always avoiding the green room .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark three .
go to landmark two and then the red room
go through the blue room before going to the first floor .
stay in the green room to get to landmark two .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
go to the purple room through landmark one
do n't leave the green room and go to landmark one .
go to landmark one before going to the blue room .
travel through the blue room then go to the purple room .
go to landmark one but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark two .
go through landmark three before going to the green room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the red room .
go to landmark three before going to the orange room .
go through landmark one to the first floor .
first go to to landmark two then go to the red room .
go to the red room , then go to the third floor .
go through the green room before going to landmark two
from the first floor , navigate to the yellow room .
go to anywhere on the third floor .
move towards orange room and then to first floor .
go through the purple room before going to the second floor .
go to landmark two and always avoid the red room
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark two .
go to landmark three , then head to the second floor .
go to the second floor always avoiding the purple room .
move to the third floor and then head to landmark two .
go to the red room through the purple room .
remain on the third floor while going to the yellow room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the green room
avoid the blue room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark one .
go to the third floor via the green room .
go to the yellow room without going through the red room .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the green room
go to the third floor without going to the blue room .
navigate from the third floor to the purple room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark two .
go to the second floor through the yellow room .
go to landmark one and then go to the second floor .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the orange room
always go through landmark one and then to the red room .
proceed to the orange room but do n't leave the second floor .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the red room .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark two .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the second floor .
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark two .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the red room .
go from the twond floor to the orange room
stay on the first floor and move to landmark two .
travel through the purple room then go to the red room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the purple room
head to the yellow room and then head to the first floor .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go to the red room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the orange room .
navigate to landmark one through the third floor .
go to the orange room through the first floor .
go to landmark two but do not first pass through landmark three .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark one .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark two .
go to the twond floor but avoid the green room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the green room .
navigate to the blue room staying on the first floor .
avoid landmark two until you go to the green room .
go to landmark one while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the red room without going to landmark two .
go to the blue room without going to landmark two .
go to landmark two always avoiding the purple room .
pass through the green room on your way to the second floor .
go to green room , but do not go to orange room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the second floor .
navigate to the green room but never go to the yellow room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark two
go to the red room through the green room
navigate to the orange room through the purple room .
go to landmark one before going to the green room
go to landmark three but do not first go through the red room .
go to the purple room through the orange room
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room by touching the red room .
while always avoiding the green room , go to landmark one .
move to landmark two. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
always avoid the green room while navigating to the second floor .
go from the second floor to landmark two .
navigate to the first floor before going to the green room .
go through landmark one to the yellow room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
go to landmark one , then down to the green room .
move to the orange room without leaving the third floor .
navigate to the orange room by passing through the third floor .
go to the third floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the orange room .
always go from the first floor to the second floor .
go to landmark one before going to the purple room
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
go to the green room while always avoiding landmark two
first move to landmark one then navigate to the red room .
do n't leave the green room and go to landmark two .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the green room .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the red room .
first go to the green room and then go to landmark two .
go to the orange room and avoid the yellow room .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark three .
stay in the red room and go to landmark three
avoid landmark one until you go to the purple room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark two .
go to landmark one always avoiding the yellow room .
move to the purple room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark three .
avoid landmark one until you pass through green room .
head to landmark two without changing floors .
avoid the red room until going to landmark one .
head to landmark one after going to the red room .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the first floor .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the yellow room .
go to the orange room/landmark two through landmark one/green room
avoid the orange room until you go through the yellow room .
go to the third floor but avoid the blue room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark one
go to landmark three then landmark two .
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the red room .
go to the first floor but do not go through the green room first .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the blue room .
go to the green room before you go to landmark one .
travel through the green room then go to the yellow room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark one .
go to landmark three .
go to the blue room through landmark one .
go to the second floor via landmark two .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
move to landmark three but avoid landmark one .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the orange room .
navigate to the orange room staying on the first floor .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the green room
go to the second floor but do not go through the purple room first .
go to landmark three before going to the yellow room
avoid the orange room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the orange room , or just stay on the second floor .
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
go to the first floor without going through the red room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the red room , or be done .
go to the orange room without going to the green room
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the green room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the purple room .
avoid the red room until you enter the green room .
go to landmark two before going to the red room
avoid the red room until reaching landmark three .
avoid the yellow room until you go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
go to the purple room , avoiding landmark three .
avoid landmark three until reaching the blue room .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark one through the green room .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the purple room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the green room .
go to the second floor then go landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room , go to landmark two .
go to the first floor then go to the red room
go to landmark two without leaving the red room .
avoid the purple room until after going to the first floor .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to second floor .
go to the red room without going to the purple room
always go through landmark three and then to the orange room .
move to landmark three without leaving the third floor .
go to the green room through the purple room .
while remaining within the purple room , go to landmark one .
go to the purple room and then go to landmark one .
always go through the red room and then to landmark one .
move to the purple room .
go to landmark three through the green room
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to the purple room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
go to the yellow room and avoid the blue room .
go to landmark three but do not enter the blue room first .
go to landmark three but do not first pass through landmark one .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the orange room and then navigate to the red room .
move to the blue room then continue to the yellow room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
go through landmark two to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the red room .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the red room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to landmark one without changing floors
move to the green room and then the yellow room .
stay on the third floor while going to the green room .
go to the first floor but avoid the red room .
go from the second floor to the blue room
proceed to the orange room without going to any other floors .
stay on the second floor and go to the red room .
go to landmark one before going to the red room .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
go to landmark three and then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark two before going to the red room .
go to landmark three then go to the yellow room .
go to the green room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the green room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
go to a spot in the red room , but do n't touch landmark two .
avoid landmark three and move into the orange room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the orange room .
go to the third floor but never go to the purple room .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark three .
avoid the purple room until you go to the green room .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the orange room .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark two
navigate to landmark three through the first floor .
avoid the landmark two and go to the third floor .
go to second floor and then to landmark one
avoid the purple room and go to the red room .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the second floor .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the blue room
go to the first floor but avoid the purple room .
move to the purple room then continue to the red room .
always go from the third floor to the first floor .
go to the blue room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark three
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the blue room .
avoid landmark one until you pass through yellow room .
go to the red room without going to landmark three .
avoid landmark one until you go to the yellow room .
go from the first floor to the yellow room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark one and stop
go to the blue room and then go to the yellow room .
go from the orange room to the purple room
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the green room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark two
go to landmark one only through the twond floor
go to landmark three , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the blue room .
pass through the blue room on your way to the third floor .
move to the blue room without leaving the first floor .
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark two .
go to the second floor without going to the yellow room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the orange room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the purple room .
go to landmark two while avoiding the first and third floor .
go through the purple room first , then go to the red room .
go to landmark one but do not first pass through landmark three .
go from the first floor to the orange room .
go to the green room only through the onest floor
while remaining within the red room , go to landmark three .
navigate through landmark three then go to landmark two .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the yellow room .
go to the purple room through landmark one .
navigate to the green room by passing through the third floor .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark two .
avoid the green room until you go through the orange room .
go to the purple room by touching the yellow room .
visit the first floor and then proceed to the second floor .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the orange room .
always go through landmark three and then to the purple room .
remain on the third floor while going to the purple room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
head to the green room but first go to the second floor .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark one .
go to landmark two by only stepping in the green room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the yellow room
go to landmark three and then the blue room
navigate to the orange room by passing through the first floor .
go through the third floor to the yellow room
stay on the first floor and go to the yellow room .
avoid the landmark three and go to the third floor .
go through landmark two and then to the onest floor .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark three before going to landmark two .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the red room .
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark three
do n't go into the purple room until going to landmark three
go to the purple room and avoid landmark one .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the green room .
go to purple room and then to green room
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark one .
avoid the green room and travel to the red room .
robot , go to the green room .
visit the purple room and then move to the second floor .
go to the yellow room through landmark one
go to landmark two and avoid the green room
navigate to the third floor before going to the second floor .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
move to the third floor and then head to landmark one .
go through the orange room before going to landmark three
first move to landmark two then navigate to the purple room .
remain on the first floor and move to the red room .
go to landmark three , avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark one .
go to the green room through the orange room
go to landmark two avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark two .
stay on the second floor and move to landmark three .
stay on the second floor and go to the orange room .
go to landmark two .
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
always go through landmark one and then to the purple room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the orange room
go to landmark one without leaving the green room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the green room .
go to the first floor and then go to the green room .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
do n't go into the red room until going to landmark one
go through landmark three to the orange room .
navigate to the purple room after going to the first floor .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark three .
go to the second floor and then go to the red room .
go to the red room by first going through landmark one .
go to landmark one through the second floor .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the red room .
always avoid going to landmark two through the purple room
avoid landmark one until navigating to landmark three .
avoid the purple room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the purple room , or just stay on the second floor .
avoid landmark three until after the blue room
go to the blue room and avoid landmark three .
while remaining within the purple room , go to landmark three .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark two .
move to the purple room and then move to landmark one .
always go through the green room and then to landmark three .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the red room .
move to the third floor .
go through the second floor to landmark one .
go to the yellow room through the twond floor
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go through the yellow room first , then go to the green room .
go to the green room avoiding landmark three .
avoid the red room until going to the first floor .
go to the second floor but never go to the purple room .
go to the second floor always avoiding the yellow room .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the third floor and avoid the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the red room .
always go through the blue room and then to landmark one .
go to the twond floor , then go to the yellow room
go to the green room without going through the orange room .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the yellow room .
navigate from the first floor to the blue room .
go to the green room , then go to the yellow room .
navigate to landmark two through the third floor .
navigate to the red room through the blue room .
navigate to landmark three through the third floor .
go to the green room without going to the purple room
go to landmark two through landmark one
go to landmark one , then head to the third floor .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark two .
always go through the blue room to get to the red room .
go to the orange room but do not enter the purple room first .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two. if you reached landmark two then you can go to landmark three .
go from the yellow room to the green room
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the green room
go to the second floor then go to the blue room
go to landmark three avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark three .
always avoid landmark one and go to the purple room .
go from the second floor to the orange room .
go to the orange room by first going through the purple room .
avoid landmark two and move into the red room .
go to the third floor and avoid landmark three .
always avoid going to landmark one through the orange room
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark three .
go to landmark one without leaving purple room .
avoid the orange room and go to the third floor .
go to landmark one , then go to landmark two .
go to the blue room only through the onest floor
stay in the green room and go to landmark three .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room .
from the second floor , navigate to the orange room .
pass through the red room on your way to the third floor .
go to the green room without going to landmark three .
go through landmark two before going to the blue room .
move to landmark two without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the green room .
proceed to landmark three but avoid landmark one on the way . if you have reached landmark three then you can proceed to landmark one .
always go through the blue room to get to the green room .
always avoid landmark three and go to the blue room .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the green room .
go through landmark three and navigate to the yellow room .
move to the red room and then move to landmark one .
go to landmark one and remain within the green room .
avoid landmark one until you go to the red room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the orange room
always go through the yellow room to get to the green room .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
go from the twond floor to the yellow room
go to landmark one then go to the blue room .
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark three .
avoid landmark two until reaching the orange room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the yellow room .
head to landmark three after going to the red room .
avoid landmark one and move into the orange room .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the yellow room
avoid the blue room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark three .
do n't go into the orange room until going to landmark one
move to the third floor by going through the blue room
go to the green room and then go to the orange room .
move to the orange room without changing floors .
head to the red room .
navigate directly to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the yellow room .
visit the third floor then go to the first floor .
go to landmark one and always avoid the orange room
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the red room
go to the blue room by first going through landmark three .
go through the blue room before going to the red room .
go to the first floor and avoid the green room .
avoid the purple room and travel to the orange room .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the yellow room .
go through landmark three and navigate to the red room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the purple room .
go through the green room before going to the third floor .
go to the third floor then move to the green room .
go through the green room to landmark two .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the blue room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark one .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the purple room .
first go to landmark one , then go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark one .
go through landmark two to the yellow room .
go through the orange room before going to the second floor .
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark one .
go to the red room without going to the purple room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the purple room .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the red room .
navigate to the green room staying on the third floor .
avoid landmark one and go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to the red room .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the red room .
go to the green room and avoid the yellow room .
without stepping outside of the green room , go to landmark three .
avoid the red room and travel to the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the orange room .
go to the first floor through the green room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the yellow room .
navigate to the blue room before you go to landmark one .
go through the third floor to landmark two .
move to the third floor without entering the purple room .
go to the red room , then go to the purple room .
pass through the yellow room before going to the third floor .
always avoid landmark three and go to the green room .
go to landmark two through landmark three .
go to the orange room and then go to the purple room .
go through the orange room before going to the third floor .
go to the red room and go down to the onest floor .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the second floor .
go to landmark one before navigating to the second floor .
first go to to landmark two then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one but always stay away from landmark three .
go through landmark one to the red room .
navigate to the red room by passing through the third floor .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark three
go to the purple room without ever leaving the third floor .
do n't go into the blue room until going to landmark three
go through the yellow room then to the first floor .
go to landmark two , then head to the third floor .
avoid the green room until you go through the yellow room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark three .
go through the orange room before going to the first floor .
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark one .
go to the red room before going to the purple room .
proceed to the green room by going through the red room .
head to the blue room but first go to the third floor .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark two .
go to the first floor then go to landmark two .
go to the blue room before going to the red room .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the red room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark one .
always avoid the purple room , go to the first floor .
always avoid the green room and go to landmark three .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the second floor .
always go through the red room to get to the yellow room .
go through the blue room before going to the purple room .
go to the purple room without going through the green room .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the red room .
go to the red room through the twond floor
go to landmark three and then go to the red room .
stay on the third floor and go to the purple room .
avoid landmark one and go to the red room .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark three .
go to the twond floor , then go to the green room
go to the purple room , then go to the first floor .
go to the first floor without going to the red room .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark two .
go to the purple room and go down to the onest floor .
go through the third floor and navigate to the blue room .
move to landmark two , but go through the yellow room first .
go through the yellow room first , then go to the purple room .
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the second floor .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the blue room .
go from onest floor to landmark three .
move to the second floor , travelling through the green room .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the orange room .
move to the second floor by going through the red room
avoid the purple room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the purple room .
go to the purple room and avoid the yellow room .
go to the second floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the yellow room , or be done .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the blue room .
avoid landmark two until reaching the green room .
go through the purple room then to the third floor .
go to the green room and then go to landmark one .
avoid landmark three and move into the red room .
go to the yellow room and go down to the onest floor .
go to landmark three before going to the second floor .
proceed to the orange room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the green room
navigate to landmark one through the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the second floor .
go to the green room through the red room
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the green room .
move to the third floor by going through the purple room
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the red room
go from the yellow room to the purple room
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the first floor .
navigate to the first floor but do n't ever go to landmark three .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the green room .
avoid the red room
go to the green room through the orange room .
move to landmark two , but travel to the onest floor first .
go to the red room , then proceed to landmark one .
go to landmark one after navigating to the second floor .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the red room .
go to landmark three , avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the second floor after you go to the third floor .
go to the yellow room without going through the green room .
go through landmark one before going to the first floor .
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark three .
always go through the red room and then to landmark three .
go to landmark one , then down to the red room .
go to the third floor and avoid the purple room .
go to the green room through the twond floor
avoid landmark three until navigating to the blue room .
go to landmark two via the third floor .
stay on the second floor and go to the blue room .
move to the red room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark one .
go through landmark two before going to the second floor .
go through landmark two and navigate to the blue room .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark three and then go to the blue room .
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark one .
avoid the red room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the red room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the orange room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the blue room .
proceed to the blue room but do n't leave the second floor .
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark one .
go through the green room then to the first floor .
go to landmark one .
avoid the red room on your way to landmark three .
avoid landmark three until you go to landmark two .
go to landmark one avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark one .
navigate to the first floor through the yellow room .
go to the third floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the purple room
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark two
go from the red room to the yellow room
avoid landmark three and go to the red room .
go through the red room to landmark two .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark three .
go through landmark one before going to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room , navigate to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the blue room .
move to the purple room without leaving the third floor .
go to the green room and avoid the blue room .
remain on the third floor while going to the orange room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the red room .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the yellow room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the green room .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the green room .
go to landmark three through the orange room .
avoid the purple room until going to the yellow room .
go to the green room while staying on the first floor .
go to landmark two while staying on the second floor .
always go through landmark one and then to the blue room .
go from twond floor to yellow room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark three .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the red room .
avoid the green room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the green room , or just stay on the second floor .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark one and stop
avoid landmark two until going to the green room .
navigate to the second floor through the red room .
avoid the orange room and travel to the yellow room .
proceed to the purple room by going through the blue room .
head to the orange room and then head to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark one .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark three .
go to landmark one without leaving the orange room .
go through the purple room to the green room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark three .
avoid the purple room until going to the second floor .
move to landmark one without leaving the first floor .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the red room .
go through the first floor to landmark three .
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark one .
go from the twond floor to the blue room
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the purple room .
go to the third floor then the first floor .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark three .
go to landmark two without leaving green room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to the first floor .
first go to landmark three , then go to the purple room .
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to third floor .
navigate to the blue room by passing through the first floor .
go to landmark three then go to the purple room .
go to the purple room , then proceed to landmark two .
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark two .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through landmark three
go to the first floor and avoid the blue room .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the purple room .
go through the yellow room before going to the first floor .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark two .
go to the twond floor avoiding the red room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the red room .
go to the red room and avoid the purple room .
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark two .
go to landmark two before going to the yellow room
go through the second floor and navigate to the purple room .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the blue room .
avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
move to the first floor , travelling through the purple room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark two .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark one
go to the red room through the second floor .
go to landmark two but always avoid landmark one .
avoid the red room until going to the second floor .
avoid landmark two until you pass through blue room .
remain on the third floor and move to the yellow room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark two .
always go through landmark two and then to the purple room .
go to the red room without going through the purple room .
go to the blue room only through the onest floor
navigate to landmark one through the yellow room .
go to landmark one then go to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the purple room .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the blue room .
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
avoid the purple room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark one .
go to the second floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the purple room
go to landmark two without leaving the blue room .
head to landmark two after going to the green room .
move to the second floor by going through the blue room
stay in the green room to get to landmark one .
go through the purple room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid the red room and travel to the purple room .
avoid landmark one until you navigate to landmark two .
go to the second floor by first going through the yellow room .
head to the orange room but first go to the third floor .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the green room .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark one .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark three
go to the second floor by first going through the red room .
go to landmark two but always avoid landmark three .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark one .
go through landmark two to the third floor .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the blue room .
first go to landmark three , then go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the red room .
go through the third floor to the orange room .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the yellow room .
go through the red room and navigate to the second floor .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the red room
go to first floor without going into the red room
avoid the red room until you go to the orange room .
pass through landmark two before going to the first floor .
move to the third floor , travelling through the yellow room .
go to the purple room through the red room
go to the blue room through the third floor .
always avoid going to landmark two through the red room
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark one .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the green room .
avoid landmark three , and go to landmark two .
go through the orange room first , then go to the green room .
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark three .
start on the threerd floor , go directly to the onest floor .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the orange room first .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark three .
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark two .
go to first floor without going into the orange room
go to landmark three without leaving orange room .
go through the green room before going to landmark three
proceed to the red room by going through the orange room .
go to the third floor then move to the yellow room .
go through the third floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark one always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the first floor via the green room .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark two .
first go to to landmark two then go to the blue room .
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
avoid landmark two and go to the purple room .
head to landmark two after going to the yellow room .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark three
go to the third floor through landmark two .
avoid the green room and go to landmark two
move to the green room without changing floors .
while always avoiding the red room , go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the red room .
go to the second floor through landmark one .
go to the red room by first going through the purple room .
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark two .
avoid the red room until going to the third floor .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the orange room .
avoid landmark three and move into the blue room .
go through the first floor to the green room .
move to landmark one , but travel to the onest floor first .
head to the green room .
always avoid landmark one and go to the first floor .
go to landmark one by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
avoid the purple room until landmark three .
go to the third floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
go to landmark one and always avoid the green room
go to landmark two , avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark three without leaving purple room .
go to landmark two through the green room .
go from onest floor to landmark one .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark three .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark two
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark three .
avoid the purple room until you enter the orange room .
go to landmark one and then the blue room
avoid the yellow room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the second floor .
go to landmark three without leaving green room .
avoid the red room
avoid landmark one until after the red room
go to the blue room through landmark two
go through landmark two and navigate to the green room .
move to the green room first then travel to landmark three .
pass through the yellow room before going to the second floor .
go to a spot in the orange room , but do n't touch landmark one .
go to landmark two and then go to the onest floor .
go to the twond floor but avoid the blue room .
navigate from the first floor to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room through the green room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the orange room
stay on the second floor while going to the red room .
go to the first floor via the blue room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the blue room .
go to the purple room while staying on the first floor .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the orange room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the yellow room .
go to the third floor but avoid the green room .
go to the second floor then go to landmark three .
move to the green room and then the purple room .
go to the third floor then move to the purple room .
go to the orange room without going to landmark one .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the green room
go to landmark two but remain on the second floor .
go to landmark one and then to landmark three .
go to the third floor and then go to the red room .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the blue room .
go through the blue room to the orange room .
navigate from the second floor to the orange room .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
go to landmark three and proceed to landmark two .
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark three .
always pass landmark one to get to level one .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the green room
move to the red room without leaving the third floor .
go to the purple room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the yellow room .
go to the landmark three before going to landmark two
avoid the green room and go to the purple room .
avoid landmark three and go to the purple room .
go to landmark three without leaving yellow room .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the green room .
go to the red room by touching the purple room .
go to landmark one , avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark two avoiding the first and third floors .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark one and stop
always avoid landmark two and go to the green room .
robot , go to the red room .
go to the second floor and then to landmark one .
go to the second floor without going through the green room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the green room , or be done .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the orange room .
go to the second floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the orange room , or be done .
avoid the blue room until you go to the third floor .
move towards red room and then to second floor .
go to the purple room through landmark three .
always go through the green room and then to landmark two .
move to the purple room without changing floors .
go to the first floor , then go to the orange room .
avoid the red room until you enter the orange room .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark two
go to the blue room without going to the green room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the red room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to landmark one before navigating to the first floor .
navigate from the third floor to the green room .
go through landmark three before going to the purple room .
avoid the green room , navigate to the red room .
go to the red room before you go to landmark two .
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark three .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark three .
always avoid landmark two and go to the orange room .
without leaving the orange room go to landmark two .
go through the green room before going to landmark one
go to landmark one by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
avoid landmark three until after the yellow room
go to the purple room via landmark three .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark three .
avoid the landmark three and go to the first floor .
from the first floor , navigate to the blue room .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the red room .
go to the blue room , then go to landmark three .
first go to landmark three , then go to the blue room .
move to landmark one , but travel to the onest floor first .
go to the first floor through the purple room .
go through the purple room before going to landmark two
avoid landmark one until going to the blue room .
navigate from the first floor to the red room .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the red room .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the twond floor and then go to the purple room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two. if you 've reached landmark two then you can go to landmark three .
avoid the red room and go to landmark three
avoid the green room until after going to the first floor .
first go to to landmark three then go to the blue room .
avoid the blue room until reaching the first floor .
go to the onest floor through the green room
avoid the purple room until reaching the third floor .
always go through the green room before going to landmark three .
go to landmark two through the purple room .
head to landmark two without changing floors .
go through the red room before going to the orange room .
go through the orange room before going to the purple room .
go to the blue room via landmark three .
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the orange room .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the red room .
always go through landmark one and then to the green room .
go to the second floor by first going to the third floor .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until you go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room before you go to landmark two .
always avoid the purple room , go to the second floor .
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark one
avoid landmark three until navigating to landmark two .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the orange room .
always go through the green room to get to the orange room .
always avoid the red room and go to the orange room .
go to landmark one without leaving orange room .
always avoid the green room , go to landmark two .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the blue room .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
from the first floor , navigate to the red room .
go to the green room through landmark three
stay in the orange room and go to landmark two and stop
go from the blue room to the orange room
avoid landmark three until after the red room
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark three
go directly to landmark three .
avoid the green room and go to the second floor .
go through the blue room before going to landmark one
avoid the blue room and navigate to the orange room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark one always avoiding the purple room .
go to the red room before going to the orange room .
navigate through landmark one to the first floor .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the orange room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the orange room .
go to the red room by touching the blue room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the blue room .
go to the green room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the orange room .
go to the second floor but never go to the yellow room .
go through the green room to the third floor .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark one .
go to the third floor then the second floor .
go to the yellow room and avoid the red room .
move to the orange room and then move to landmark three .
go to landmark three and then to landmark one
avoid the orange room until going to the green room .
go to the blue room , avoiding landmark one .
visit landmark one but do n't leave the third floor .
pass through the orange room before going to the first floor .
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark one .
travel through the purple room then go to the yellow room .
navigate to the first floor via the blue room .
go to the green room through the twond floor
go to the purple room , then go to landmark three .
go through landmark three and navigate to the green room .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the orange room .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark one .
go to the first floor and then head to landmark one .
avoid the red room until you enter the purple room .
go to the second floor but avoid the red room .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the green room .
navigate to the purple room .
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark one .
go to the purple room through the twond floor
avoid the yellow room until you enter the orange room .
always go through the red room before going to landmark three .
pass through the green room on your way to the first floor .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the orange room .
pass through the orange room on your way to the third floor .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the yellow room .
go to the green room without going to landmark one .
go to the green room but do not enter the red room first .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the red room .
without leaving the green room go to landmark two .
go to the purple room through landmark two .
always avoid the yellow room , go to landmark one .
go to the twond floor , then go to the yellow room
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the red room .
avoid landmark one until after the orange room
avoid the orange room until you enter the green room .
remain on the first floor and move to the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor always passing through the third floor .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark three .
go to the orange room before going to the red room .
avoid the green room until after going to the second floor .
go through the purple room to landmark one .
go to the green room , avoiding landmark two .
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark three .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark two
avoid the landmark one and go to the third floor .
move to the orange room then continue to the green room .
move towards orange room and then to third floor .
go to landmark three by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
go to landmark three without leaving the purple room .
always go through the orange room and then to landmark one .
navigate to the first floor through the orange room .
go to landmark two without going to landmark one
go to the third floor , then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark three after navigating to the first floor .
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the red room avoiding landmark two .
go from the twond floor to the yellow room
go through the second floor to landmark three .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark one .
go to the purple room through the first floor .
go to landmark one always avoiding the red room .
go to the red room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the landmark one
always avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
go through the purple room first , then go to the green room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the purple room .
navigate to landmark three through the yellow room .
go to the third floor , then go to the red room .
without leaving the second floor go to the purple room .
always go through landmark two and then to the blue room .
go through the blue room before going to landmark two
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the purple room
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark one .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark one .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark two .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the orange room .
avoid the red room and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark two .
stay on the second floor while going to the orange room .
while remaining within the yellow room , go to landmark one .
go to landmark three but do not enter the yellow room first .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark two .
move towards yellow room and then to first floor .
go to the blue room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the red room .
go to the third floor but avoid landmark two .
always avoid landmark one , and navigate to landmark two .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark three .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the green room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark three
navigate to the orange room but never go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going to the green room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the green room .
avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
move to the first floor by going through the orange room
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the blue room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark two
avoid the red room until you navigate to the first floor .
avoid the red room until you go to the green room .
go to the green room , then go to the orange room .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the red room .
avoid the green room and navigate to the orange room .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark one .
go to landmark two while avoiding the first and third floor .
first go to to landmark one then go to the green room .
go to blue room and then to yellow room
go to landmark three before navigating to the first floor .
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
avoid the green room on your way to landmark three .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the green room .
go to the green room and avoid landmark two .
go to landmark two but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to landmark one avoiding the first and third floors .
go to landmark two avoiding the first and third floors .
go to landmark two avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark two .
always pass landmark three to get to level one .
move to landmark two without leaving the third floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark two .
go to the purple room without going to the red room .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark three .
avoid the red room until reaching the second floor .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the green room .
move to landmark three after moving to the second floor .
move to the orange room and then move to landmark one .
go to landmark one , then down to the yellow room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
go to landmark three and then go to the orange room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark two .
move towards yellow room and then to third floor .
move to the second floor by going through the green room
go to the green room while always avoiding landmark one
proceed to the orange room but do n't leave the third floor .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the green room .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark one .
stay in the red room to get to landmark two .
go to landmark two and always avoid the yellow room
go to the green room through the third floor .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the orange room .
stay in the blue room to get to landmark two .
navigate through landmark one and go to the red room .
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark one
go to the red room and then go to the yellow room .
stay in the purple room to get to landmark one .
avoid the green room until going to landmark one .
avoid the orange room and travel to the red room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to the third floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the blue room , or be done .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark two .
go to the red room through the green room .
go to landmark one after navigating to the third floor .
go through landmark one to landmark three .
head to the orange room and then head to the second floor .
proceed to landmark one but avoid landmark three on the way . if you have reached landmark one then you can proceed to landmark three .
go to landmark two through the yellow room
go to landmark three then go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the green room .
go to the second floor then go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the green room .
go to the orange room through the purple room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the blue room
proceed to the purple room by going through the orange room .
go to the purple room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the green room .
always avoid the blue room , go to landmark three .
proceed to landmark two but avoid landmark one on the way . if you have reached landmark two then you can proceed to landmark one .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark two .
pass through landmark one on your way to the first floor .
avoid the green room
avoid the purple room until you go to the yellow room .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the yellow room .
while always avoiding the yellow room , go to landmark three .
avoid the green room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the green room , or just stay on the first floor .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the purple room .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the blue room .
go to the orange room without ever leaving the third floor .
go through the yellow room first , then go to the red room .
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark two .
avoid the blue room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the blue room , or just stay on the third floor .
go to the second floor but never go to the blue room .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the purple room .
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the third floor .
go through landmark three to landmark one .
start on the threerd floor , go directly to the onest floor .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the red room .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the purple room
go to second floor without going into the purple room
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room , navigate to the green room .
go to landmark three and always avoid the yellow room
go to landmark two and avoid the yellow room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark three
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark one
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
go through the blue room and navigate to the first floor .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the green room .
go through the red room before going to landmark two
travel through the yellow room then go to the purple room .
go to the green room and avoid the purple room .
from the second floor , navigate to the red room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the blue room .
go to the purple room through the blue room
go through landmark two and navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark three and always avoid the green room
avoid the purple room until navigating to the blue room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark two .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the blue room .
go through landmark one on your way to the second floor .
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark three .
go to the first floor and then go to the orange room .
avoid the green room until reaching the first floor .
always go through the blue room to get to the orange room .
go to the green room , then proceed to landmark two .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the red room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the red room .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark one .
always avoid the purple room and navigate to the third floor .
move to landmark one , but go through the orange room first .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark three .
go to the orange room and avoid the purple room .
avoid landmark three until going to the green room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the blue room .
go to the purple room and avoid the orange room .
go to purple room and then to red room
stay in the blue room to get to landmark one .
go to landmark two but do not first pass through landmark one .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark one .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
always go through the purple room to get to the orange room .
go to the first floor avoiding landmark one .
avoid the orange room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the orange room .
travel through the orange room then go to the green room .
go to yellow room , but do not go to green room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the purple room .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the red room .
while remaining within the green room , go to landmark two .
move to the third floor , travelling through the purple room .
navigate to the third floor via the purple room .
go through the blue room before going to the third floor .
go through the purple room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the orange room without going through the red room .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark one .
go from the first floor to landmark three .
head to the green room but first go to the first floor .
go to landmark three avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark three .
go to the green room before going to the yellow room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the yellow room .
go through the second floor to the red room
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the green room .
avoid the red room until you enter the yellow room .
go from the orange room to the red room
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark one .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room .
go to the red room through the twond floor
go to the first floor but do not go through the blue room first .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the orange room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark one .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark three
avoid landmark two and move into the orange room .
go to the red room through landmark three .
go to the green room without ever leaving the second floor .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor via the purple room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the blue room .
move to the blue room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark one .
go to landmark three only through the twond floor
go to the orange room through the second floor .
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark two but always stay away from landmark three .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the green room .
go to the third floor without going to the red room .
got to landmark two through the green room .
get to landmark two , while avoiding landmark one
navigate through landmark one and go to the yellow room .
go to the second floor through landmark two .
avoid the orange room
go to landmark two but do not first go through the green room .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark three .
go to the purple room without ever leaving the second floor .
without leaving the orange room go to landmark three .
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the green room .
go to the orange room by first going through the red room .
remain on the first floor while going to the red room .
go to landmark three , then up to landmark two .
avoid landmark one until after you go to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the yellow room .
go to the landmark one before going to landmark two
always go to landmark two before navigating to the blue room .
stay on the second floor and go to landmark one .
go from onest floor to landmark two .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the red room .
go to the first floor then go landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until going to the purple room .
navigate to the third floor , avoiding landmark two .
go to the purple room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the red room .
go to the third floor without going to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the red room .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark three .
do n't leave the red room and go to landmark three .
move to landmark three without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the orange room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the purple room .
go through the yellow room to landmark three .
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to second floor .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the first floor .
avoid the purple room until reaching the first floor .
go to the third floor then move to the orange room .
go to landmark two but remain on the first floor .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the second floor via the blue room .
go to landmark one avoiding the first and third floors .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the blue room .
avoid the red room on your way to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the first floor .
go to landmark two always avoiding the red room .
first go to landmark three , then go to the green room .
move to landmark three .
go to the yellow room through the second floor
go to landmark three before navigating to the third floor .
go to orange room , but do not go to blue room .
go to the purple room through the red room .
from the first floor , navigate to the second floor .
go to the second floor , then go to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the yellow room .
go to landmark three before going to the purple room
go to second floor
go to the third floor avoiding the yellow room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the yellow room
go to the orange room without going through the yellow room .
go to the purple room without touching landmark three .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark two .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the orange room .
go to the red room through the blue room
while always avoiding the green room , go to landmark three .
avoid landmark two and go to the third floor .
move to the red room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark three .
go to the orange room through the third floor
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the orange room .
travel through the orange room then go to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until reaching the third floor .
go to the third floor then go landmark three .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the first floor .
go to the yellow room by touching the orange room .
go through the green room , then make your way to landmark one .
go to landmark one .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark one .
go up to the second floor without going to landmark two .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the orange room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the orange room .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the green room .
go from the green room to the yellow room
avoid the red room and go to the yellow room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark one .
without stepping outside of the green room , go to landmark one .
go to the landmark two
go through the orange room before going to landmark one
avoid the green room until you go through the purple room .
navigate to the blue room after going to the first floor .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the blue room .
go to the first floor then move to the purple room .
move to the blue room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark three .
go to the green room through landmark two .
go to landmark three through the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark two .
go to the second floor but avoid the purple room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to landmark two .
go to the green room by first going through landmark two .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark two .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the orange room .
go to the first floor avoiding the yellow room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the yellow room
go to landmark one avoiding the first and third floors .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark two .
go to the orange room , then go to the red room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the red room
go to landmark one but remain on the second floor .
go through the purple room and navigate to the third floor .
avoid the green room until you enter the purple room .
go to the purple room but do not enter the orange room first .
move to landmark two. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go to the green room while staying on the third floor .
go through landmark three before going to the second floor .
always avoid the red room , go to the first floor .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the purple room .
go to landmark three , then go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until landmark one .
avoid the red room until going to the purple room .
navigate to the second floor .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark three .
go to the green room and then navigate to the red room .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark two .
go to the yellow room without going to the purple room .
always go through landmark three and then to the red room .
go to landmark three without changing floors
go to the first floor avoiding landmark three .
without leaving the third floor go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the yellow room .
navigate to the first floor through the third floor .
head to the green room and then head to the third floor .
always avoid the landmark three and travel to landmark two .
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
avoid the purple room and go to the green room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two. if you have reached landmark two then you can go to landmark one .
avoid landmark one until you go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room through the first floor
go to the first floor but never go to the purple room .
go to the red room but do not enter the orange room first .
always go through the purple room and then to landmark one .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark three .
navigate to the purple room by passing through the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the orange room .
visit the green room and then move to the third floor .
without leaving the green room go to landmark three .
go to landmark two and then the orange room
pass through the blue room before going to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the second floor .
go to landmark three without leaving the red room .
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark two .
go to the green room while avoiding landmark one
go through the green room before going to landmark two
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the purple room .
go through the orange room to the second floor .
go through the yellow room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark three
go to landmark three through the onest floor
go to landmark three then landmark one .
move to landmark three , but go through the orange room first .
go through the purple room then to the second floor .
go to the second floor and then go to the purple room .
always avoid the green room , go to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark one .
navigate to the green room staying on the second floor .
navigate to the red room through the orange room .
go to landmark three avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark three .
proceed to the green room .
go to the orange room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the red room .
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the yellow room , then go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the purple room .
go through the third floor to the red room
go to the green room and avoid the orange room .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark two
move to the second floor without entering the blue room .
navigate to the purple room staying on the second floor .
without stepping outside of the blue room , go to landmark two .
go from the red room to the green room
go through the green room to the yellow room .
proceed to the orange room without going to any other floors .
remain on the first floor while going to the green room .
avoid the green room and navigate to the purple room .
do n't go into the orange room until going to landmark two
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the yellow room
go through the third floor to the orange room
stay on the second floor to get to landmark three .
do not go into the green room until going to landmark one
go through the first floor to the red room .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
go to the blue room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
go to red room , but do not go to green room .
go through the orange room before going to landmark three
go to the second floor , then navigate to the green room .
go to third floor
avoid the red room until passing landmark two .
pass through landmark one before going to the third floor .
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark three .
go from twond floor to red room .
go to the first floor by first going through the green room .
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
avoid the orange room until you go to the blue room .
go to third floor without going into the orange room
go to first floor without going into the purple room
go through the first floor to the blue room
avoid the blue room until landmark two .
go to the twond floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the yellow room .
go from twond floor to red room .
go from the third floor to the green room
go to landmark two and then go to the third floor .
while remaining within the blue room , go to landmark three .
avoid the red room until navigating to the green room .
stay on the third floor and go to the green room .
navigate through landmark one and go to the orange room .
go through the orange room and navigate to the second floor .
go through the purple room to the red room .
go to landmark one and proceed to landmark three .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark three .
avoid the green room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the green room .
navigate to the first floor , and then navigate to the second floor .
first go to landmark one , then go to the green room .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the purple room
proceed to the orange room without going to any other floors .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark three
move to the red room and then move to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until you pass through orange room .
go to the purple room , avoiding landmark two .
go to the blue room through the twond floor
go to the red room and then navigate to the green room .
go to the purple room , avoiding landmark one .
go to the orange room through the twond floor
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark one .
avoid landmark one until you have passed through landmark two
avoid the orange room until you go to the red room .
go to the red room through the yellow room .
go to the third floor by going through landmark two .
stay on the first floor and move to landmark three .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the purple room
while always avoiding the purple room , go to landmark three .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the green room .
while always avoiding the orange room , go to landmark three .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the first floor .
avoid landmark three until going to the blue room .
go to the first floor after going to the second floor .
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
go to landmark three after navigating to the third floor .
head to the green room but first go to the third floor .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the green room
go from twond floor to orange room .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the orange room
navigate to the green room through the red room .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the purple room .
go through the blue room to the green room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the green room .
go through the orange room then to the first floor .
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark three
avoid the blue room , navigate to the purple room .
avoid landmark one , and go to landmark three .
move to the orange room without changing floors .
avoid landmark two and move into the purple room .
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the third floor .
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark two .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the purple room .
always avoid the orange room , go to landmark one .
move to the yellow room then continue to the purple room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the green room .
go through landmark one before going to the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark three through the blue room
go to the yellow room by first going through the blue room .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the purple room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark two .
without stepping outside of the blue room , go to landmark three .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the green room
always go through the green room to get to the yellow room .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark two .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the orange room .
go through landmark three to the third floor .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the purple room
avoid the purple room and travel to the yellow room .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the blue room .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark one .
go to the red room without going to the orange room
go to the twond floor and then go to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the first floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark three and stop
go to the red room through landmark three
avoid the orange room until going to the second floor .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go to the red room and then go to landmark two .
go to landmark three via the first floor .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark three .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark two .
avoid landmark three until you go to the blue room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the blue room
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark three .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark three
navigate to the second floor before going to the blue room .
go to the yellow room without going to the purple room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark two through the orange room
go to the twond floor but avoid the orange room .
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark three .
always pass landmark three before landmark one .
avoid the red room before you navigate to the third floor .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to the third floor .
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark two .
navigate to the first floor through the purple room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the yellow room .
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
go through the third floor to the red room .
go through the second floor to the purple room
move to the green room first then travel to landmark two .
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark one .
go to the first floor , then go to the second floor .
go to the second floor then move to the red room .
go to the second floor then go landmark two .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the orange room/landmark three through landmark one/green room
go to the third floor and avoid landmark one .
move to the first floor , travelling through the blue room .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the red room .
always avoid the blue room and go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the red room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the yellow room .
go to or through landmark two avoiding going through landmark one
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark two .
go to landmark two , then head to the second floor .
move to the second floor without entering the purple room .
go to orange room and then to yellow room
go to the third floor through landmark three .
without leaving the third floor go to the yellow room .
head to landmark one without changing floors .
go to landmark one , then down to the green room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark one .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark two .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark three .
go to the blue room but do not enter the orange room first .
avoid landmark one until after the green room
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the orange room
navigate to the second floor before going to the purple room .
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark one
go to orange room and then to red room
go to landmark three but remain on the third floor .
move to the green room and then move to landmark three .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the second floor .
navigate to the green room but never go to the red room .
go through the blue room , then make your way to landmark one .
go through landmark three to the second floor .
navigate through landmark three to the third floor .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the orange room
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the red room
avoid the yellow room and go to the purple room .
go through the yellow room to landmark two .
go to the green room without going to the blue room
go to landmark one avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark one .
avoid the green room until going through landmark three .
go to the yellow room by touching the blue room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark three .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark one .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the yellow room .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the yellow room .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to third floor .
avoid the red room and navigate to the orange room .
go to the blue room through landmark three .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the orange room
always avoid the purple room and go to the green room .
go to first floor without going into the blue room
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the orange room
go to landmark one avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark one .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the second floor .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two .
go to the purple room before you go to landmark two .
pass through the red room on your way to the first floor .
avoid the green room and navigate to the red room .
avoid the green room until you go through the red room .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark two .
go to the purple room , then proceed to landmark three .
go through landmark three then go to landmark two .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one. if you reached landmark one then you can go to landmark three .
go to the red room without going to landmark one .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark three
move to the yellow room and then the purple room .
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the orange room .
move to landmark one , but go through the purple room first .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark one .
go to landmark three but do not enter the orange room first .
move to the second floor without entering the orange room .
avoid the red room and navigate to the purple room .
go to purple room , but do not go to green room .
avoid the purple room
always go through the purple room before going to landmark three .
go to landmark two through the blue room .
avoid the purple room until going through landmark three .
go to landmark one from the third floor only .
go to the green room , then go to the third floor .
avoid the purple room until going to landmark one .
go to green room , but do not go to red room .
go to landmark one , then down to the purple room .
go to yellow room , but do not go to red room .
go to landmark three without leaving the green room .
travel to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room through the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the first floor .
proceed to the red room by going through the green room .
go to the green room without going to the red room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the red room .
go to the green room and avoid landmark three .
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark three .
go to landmark one without leaving the purple room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the yellow room .
move to the third floor by going through the green room
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark three
go to the blue room , avoiding landmark two .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the orange room
go to landmark one but do not first go through the blue room .
go to the red room and avoid landmark three .
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark two .
avoid the orange room until landmark two .
go to landmark three always avoiding the yellow room .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until you go to the first floor .
navigate to the green room but never go to the orange room .
go to the third floor and avoid the blue room .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the red room
go through the orange room to landmark one .
go through the yellow room to the purple room .
move to landmark three without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the blue room .
move to the first floor without entering the yellow room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the purple room
go to the blue room only through the onest floor
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
go to the purple room without going to landmark two .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the orange room .
head to landmark one after going to the orange room .
navigate to the third floor via the red room .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
avoid the blue room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the blue room , or just stay on the first floor .
go through the orange room before going to the yellow room .
go to the red room before going to the yellow room .
go to the third floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the blue room
go to the red room , then proceed to landmark three .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark one .
always go through the red room to get to the green room .
go to the second floor via landmark one .
avoid the purple room until going to the green room .
move towards purple room and then to first floor .
go to the third floor .
go to landmark three then go to the second floor .
go to the green room without going to the blue room .
navigate through landmark one to the second floor .
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
navigate to the first floor but do n't ever go to landmark two .
go to landmark one and then go to the onest floor .
go through the yellow room , then make your way to landmark one .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
avoid landmark three until after the orange room
go to the blue room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
avoid landmark two until you go to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the green room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the red room .
visit the yellow room and then move to the first floor .
go through landmark three and navigate to the purple room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark one
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
go to the third floor then go to landmark three .
go to the green room without touching landmark three .
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to first floor .
proceed to the orange room by going through the blue room .
avoid the blue room and go to the red room .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the red room .
avoid the red room until going to the orange room .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the blue room .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the green room .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark two .
avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
go to the blue room without going through the green room .
avoid landmark two until you go to the purple room .
avoid the red room until you go to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until reaching the first floor .
go to landmark one before navigating to the third floor .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
go to the first floor then go to the second floor .
go to the green room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark two .
go to a spot in the yellow room , but do n't touch landmark three .
visit the first floor then go to the second floor .
go to the orange room by first going through landmark three .
go to the green room without ever leaving the third floor .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the blue room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the yellow room .
navigate to the red room through the yellow room .
go to the purple room , then go to the second floor .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
go to the third floor by first going through the blue room .
always go to landmark one before landmark two .
go to landmark two
go to the purple room via landmark two .
go to landmark three by going through landmark one
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the orange room .
go to the green room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark one .
avoid the green room until after going to the third floor .
always avoid going to landmark three through the green room
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the green room
go to the onest floor through the purple room
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark two .
avoid landmark one until reaching the blue room .
avoid the orange room until after going to the second floor .
always avoid the green room while navigating to the third floor .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark two
go through the orange room to the third floor .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the third floor .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark one .
go from the second floor to the green room .
avoid the green room until navigating to the blue room .
while remaining within the yellow room , go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room by touching the green room .
move to the blue room without changing floors .
go from the orange room to the green room
go to the second floor and avoid landmark three .
always avoid landmark three and go to the yellow room .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the blue room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the red room .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark three
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the yellow room .
avoid the blue room and go to the second floor .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the blue room
navigate to landmark two through the green room .
avoid landmark one and go to the purple room .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go to the first floor , then head to the second floor .
go to landmark one but always avoid landmark three .
navigate to the blue room staying on the third floor .
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark one .
go to landmark three and then go to the purple room .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark three .
go to the red room by first going through landmark three .
go through the red room to the purple room .
visit landmark one but do n't leave the second floor .
go to the second floor but avoid the blue room .
move to landmark two .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the green room .
go to landmark three through the purple room
avoid the green room and go to the yellow room .
navigate to the blue room staying on the second floor .
head to landmark two without changing floors .
go to landmark one while avoiding the first and third floor .
go through the orange room to landmark three .
robot , go to the blue room .
avoid the green room until you enter the red room .
go to the third floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the orange room , or be done .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the purple room .
head to landmark one without changing floors .
navigate through landmark two and go to the orange room .
go to the purple room but do not enter the green room first .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the blue room
go to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the orange room .
go to the onest floor through the orange room
go to the purple room without going to the orange room
proceed to the yellow room .
move to the green room and then move to landmark one .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the purple room
move to the first floor without entering the orange room .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
navigate through landmark three to the first floor .
stay in the green room and go to landmark three and stop
go through the blue room first , then go to the yellow room .
go to the third floor then go to the purple room
go to the red room via landmark three .
navigate to the second floor via the purple room .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the blue room .
do n't leave the yellow room and go to landmark two .
always avoid the red room and navigate to the second floor .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the blue room .
go to the red room before you go to landmark three .
without leaving the first floor go to the red room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the blue room .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark three
navigate to landmark two through the orange room .
avoid landmark one until you go to the blue room .
go through landmark one and navigate to the purple room .
while remaining within the red room , go to landmark two .
go to the red room through the third floor
avoid the green room
navigate to landmark one .
go to the twond floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the blue room .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the purple room .
go through the orange room to the purple room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the purple room .
go to the onest floor through the green room
stay in the purple room to get to landmark two .
avoid landmark two and move into the blue room .
go through the red room , then make your way to landmark two .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark two .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the orange room
avoid the orange room and navigate to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the blue room .
avoid the red room until going to the green room .
go through the second floor to the purple room .
move to landmark one without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the orange room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark one .
go to the onest floor through the yellow room
go to landmark two before going to the green room
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark one
go through the green room before going to landmark three
go through the purple room to the first floor .
go to the second floor without going to the purple room .
go through the green room before going to the orange room .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the blue room .
avoid landmark one while traveling to landmark three. once there , you may travel to landmark one .
move to the second floor , travelling through the purple room .
avoid landmark one until you go to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until you pass through green room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the red room .
avoid the red room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the red room .
always avoid going to landmark three through the purple room
go to landmark two by only navigating within the green room .
go to the first floor always avoiding the orange room .
head to the third floor .
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark one .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the purple room
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the orange room .
go to landmark two before going to the blue room .
stay in the blue room to get to landmark three .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
head to the blue room .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the orange room .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark one .
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark one .
go through the purple room , then make your way to landmark one .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room .
avoid the red room until you enter the blue room .
move to the green room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark one .
go to red room , but do not go to orange room .
navigate to the orange room through the red room .
move to the orange room without changing floors .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the red room .
go to the blue room while staying on the second floor .
pass through the purple room before going to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the purple room .
go to the second floor but avoid the orange room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the blue room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
go to landmark one without leaving blue room .
go to landmark three and avoid the blue room .
go to the second floor but avoid landmark three .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two. if you 've reached landmark two then you can go to landmark one .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the purple room .
navigate to the third floor via the yellow room .
navigate to landmark three through the orange room .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the orange room .
go to the yellow room by touching the purple room .
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the yellow room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the green room .
go to the third floor but avoid the orange room .
stay on the second floor while going to the yellow room .
go from onest floor to landmark three .
go to the twond floor and then go to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark two .
go to the green room by first going through landmark three .
go to the first floor by first going through the orange room .
go to the yellow room before you go to landmark one .
stay on the second floor and go to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the purple room .
go to the orange room via landmark three .
go through landmark two before going to the red room .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark three
go to the twond floor and then go to the orange room .
always avoid the red room , go to the third floor .
go to the purple room by first going through the blue room .
go to landmark three , avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark three and stop
move to landmark three , but go through the green room first .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the red room .
avoid the purple room until going to the red room .
head to the purple room but first go to the third floor .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the orange room .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark three .
avoid landmark one until reaching the purple room .
always avoid the purple room and navigate to the second floor .
navigate through landmark one and go to the purple room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark one
go to landmark two by going through landmark three
go to anywhere on the second floor .
navigate to the green room after going to the second floor .
go to the twond floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until you enter the yellow room .
go to the green room through the red room .
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark three .
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
move to landmark one but avoid landmark three .
go to the blue room through landmark three
move to the second floor , travelling through the yellow room .
avoid landmark one until going to landmark three .
go from the first floor to the orange room
go to landmark two and then go to the onest floor .
avoid landmark three until reaching the red room .
go to the yellow room through the red room
avoid the red room until you navigate to the second floor .
go to the twond floor but avoid the purple room .
go to the third floor , then go to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark three .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the blue room .
go through landmark two to the red room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark three .
go to landmark one and then go to the red room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark two and then the green room
go from the third floor to landmark three .
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the third floor .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
avoid the blue room until reaching the second floor .
avoid the landmark two and go to the second floor .
always pass landmark three to get to level one .
go through the red room before going to the first floor .
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark two .
do n't leave the red room and go to landmark two .
first go to landmark one , then go to the blue room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the blue room
go to the blue room through the second floor .
proceed to the yellow room but do n't leave the third floor .
avoid landmark two until after the purple room
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark one avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark one .
avoid landmark two until you go to the orange room .
go to landmark one through the onest floor
always go to landmark two before navigating to the purple room .
go through landmark two before going to the third floor .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to landmark three while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the second floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the blue room , or be done .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room
avoid the green room until going to the second floor .
go to landmark one , then down to the red room .
while always avoiding the blue room , go to landmark two .
go to the green room via landmark three .
navigate to the orange room after going to the third floor .
go to landmark two by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the yellow room .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark two .
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark three .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the purple room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
go to landmark two then go to the blue room .
navigate to the second floor through the orange room .
remain on the first floor and move to the purple room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the orange room .
move to the third floor without entering the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room , go to landmark three .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the green room .
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the green room .
go to landmark three then go to landmark one .
without stepping outside of the red room , go to landmark three .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
go to landmark three and remain within the purple room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark one .
go to the second floor by going through landmark three .
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark three by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark three .
stay on the third floor while going to the blue room .
remain on the second floor and move to the green room .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the green room .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the red room .
go through landmark one to the purple room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the green room
navigate to landmark one through the blue room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one. if you 've reached landmark one then you can go to landmark three .
go to the first floor then go to the green room
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark one .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the orange room .
move to landmark one without leaving the third floor .
go to the twond floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the green room .
without stepping outside of the green room , go to landmark two .
go through the first floor and navigate to the green room .
go to landmark two and then go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark two .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark three .
go through the yellow room before navigating to landmark three .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark three .
move to the yellow room then continue to the orange room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the yellow room
go through the blue room first , then go to the orange room .
go through the green room to the red room .
go through the third floor to the blue room
go through the blue room to landmark one .
head to the yellow room but first go to the first floor .
go from the green room to the red room
go to the second floor by first going through the purple room .
always navigate to red room and then proceed to first floor .
always go through the purple room and then to landmark two .
first go to the green room and then go to landmark one .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the yellow room
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the purple room .
go through the red room before going to landmark three
go through the yellow room to the second floor .
go to landmark one .
go to the second floor and then go to the yellow room .
move to the first floor , travelling through landmark three .
go through the first floor to the purple room .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the blue room .
go to the blue room and go down to the onest floor .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the purple room .
go to landmark one through the third floor .
avoid the purple room until you go through the blue room .
always go through the yellow room to get to the orange room .
go to the first floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the purple room
go to landmark two without leaving the purple room .
go to landmark one , avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the blue room and avoid landmark two .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the orange room .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the green room .
first go to to landmark two then go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room without going through the purple room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the blue room
avoid the green room and go to landmark two .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark three .
go through the red room before going to landmark one
go through the purple room before going to landmark three
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark one
go to landmark three , then head to the third floor .
go to the onest floor through the red room
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark two .
go to landmark three always avoiding the purple room .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the yellow room .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark three .
move towards green room and then to third floor .
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
stay on the first floor and go to landmark two .
got to landmark three through the green room .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the red room .
navigate through landmark two and go to the red room .
go to the third floor via the blue room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the orange room .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark two .
navigate to the red room but never go to the yellow room .
pass through landmark one on your way to the second floor .
go through landmark three before going to the red room .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the green room .
always go through the green room to get to the red room .
avoid landmark two until you pass through red room .
do n't leave the blue room and go to landmark one .
go to the blue room but do not enter the green room first .
go to landmark one and then the yellow room
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark two .
navigate through landmark two to the third floor .
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark two .
do n't go into the green room until going to landmark two
go to landmark one by only stepping in the green room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the red room .
go to the third floor and then go directly to the first floor .
go to the third floor always avoiding the orange room .
go through the blue room to the second floor .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the purple room .
avoid landmark one and move into the green room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark one
go to the yellow room without going to landmark one .
go to the orange room by first going through landmark two .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the orange room .
go to landmark two without leaving the yellow room .
first go to to landmark one then go to the red room .
go to the purple room by touching the green room .
go to the third floor via landmark three .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark two .
avoid the green room and travel to the purple room .
avoid the red room until after going to the second floor .
go to landmark two , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the green room without going to the yellow room .
go to the orange room and then go to landmark two .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark one
go to the red room and avoid the green room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark three
go through the green room first , then go to the orange room .
proceed to the red room but do n't leave the first floor .
go to the orange room but do not enter the red room first .
go to landmark two through the red room
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark one .
navigate to the second floor via the orange room .
stay on the first floor and go to landmark three .
go to the third floor but avoid the purple room .
go to the orange room through the second floor
always avoid going to landmark three through the red room
avoid the red room until reaching landmark one .
go from the twond floor to the red room
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark one
go through the blue room and navigate to the third floor .
move to the first floor by going through the red room
avoid landmark two until reaching the purple room .
avoid the purple room until you go through the green room .
go to the onest floor through the red room
go to landmark two after navigating to the first floor .
move to landmark three without leaving the second floor .
go to the green room by touching the orange room .
remain on the third floor while going to the blue room .
go to landmark two , avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the third floor through the blue room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the orange room
pass through the red room before going to the third floor .
go to landmark two only through the twond floor
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark one
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the orange room .
go to landmark one , then head to the second floor .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the yellow room .
remain on the third floor while going to the red room .
go to the onest floor
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark one
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark three .
go through the red room before going to the second floor .
go to the second floor and then go directly to the first floor .
go to the purple room while staying on the third floor .
go to landmark three through the onest floor
without leaving the second floor go to the blue room .
head to the red room and then head to the third floor .
go to the first floor , then go to the green room .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the green room .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark two .
always go through the purple room to get to the green room .
move to landmark two without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the blue room .
avoid the landmark two and go to the first floor .
go to landmark two after navigating to the second floor .
go to landmark three after navigating to the second floor .
stay in the red room and go to landmark one
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark one .
avoid landmark one until you go to the green room .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the red room
go to the first floor then go to landmark three .
go to landmark two and remain within the blue room .
avoid the red room and travel to the green room .
first go to to landmark one then go to the purple room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the orange room .
go to the second floor avoiding the red room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the red room
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going to the blue room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the orange room .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the green room .
go to the green room and then go to the purple room .
go to the purple room and then go to landmark three .
go to landmark two avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark two .
go to the twond floor but avoid the orange room .
avoid landmark one until you pass through orange room .
go through the third floor to landmark three .
always go through the orange room and then to landmark two .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the green room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
go to landmark three and avoid the red room .
avoid the orange room until landmark three .
go to the third floor via the yellow room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
go to landmark one and proceed to landmark two .
go to landmark one through landmark three
go to landmark three and then go to the second floor .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until reaching the third floor .
go through landmark two to the second floor .
move to the orange room and then the green room .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark two .
go to the twond floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the blue room .
go to landmark one and remain within the purple room .
avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
always avoid going to landmark three through the orange room
always avoid the red room and go to landmark two .
avoid the purple room until you go to the second floor .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the red room .
avoid the orange room , navigate to the red room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the third floor .
move to the second floor but go through landmark two first .
go to the first floor but never go to the green room .
go to the first floor and then to landmark two .
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark two
go through the yellow room before going to the red room .
navigate to the second floor through the yellow room .
move to the red room and then the yellow room .
go to the blue room and then go to the red room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark one .
move to the third floor , travelling through the blue room .
go to the third floor , and then go to the second floor .
pass through the green room before going to the second floor .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the blue room .
go to the first floor by first going to the second floor .
go to landmark two by only stepping in the purple room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark two .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark one
avoid the yellow room until you go to landmark one .
without stepping outside of the red room , go to landmark one .
proceed to the purple room .
go from the third floor to the orange room
avoid the orange room until going to landmark one .
go from the purple room to the green room
go to landmark three without leaving the blue room .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the first floor .
go to the third floor through the yellow room .
go to landmark two and then go to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room , navigate to the yellow room .
go from the first floor to landmark two .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the red room
go to the red room and avoid landmark one .
go through the red room before going to landmark two
go to landmark one then landmark three .
go to the first floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the blue room
go to the twond floor and then go to the green room .
move to landmark three without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the purple room .
go through the orange room and navigate to the third floor .
avoid the green room until going to landmark two .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the orange room
always go from the second floor to the first floor .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark one .
move to landmark three , but go through the blue room first .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the purple room .
proceed to the orange room by going through the green room .
do n't go into the green room until going to landmark one
move to landmark two and then proceed to the blue room .
go to the second floor and avoid the green room .
proceed to the green room but do n't leave the first floor .
avoid the red room until reaching landmark two .
go to landmark two only through the twond floor
do n't leave the blue room and go to landmark three .
go to the orange room and then go to landmark one .
navigate to landmark one through the purple room .
first go to the red room and then go to landmark two .
go to the first floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the orange room , or be done .
navigate through landmark two and go to the blue room .
navigate to the blue room .
go to the second floor then go to the red room
go from twond floor to green room .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the orange room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
go to the blue room , then proceed to landmark two .
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark one
go to landmark one then go to the red room .
go from the onest floor to landmark two
avoid the blue room
go to the first floor through the yellow room .
do n't leave the purple room and go to landmark three .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the purple room .
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark one .
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark two .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark three .
go to the green room by first going through the red room .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the blue room .
go to or through landmark two avoiding going through landmark three
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark one .
avoid the purple room until you go through the red room .
head to the orange room and then head to the third floor .
navigate to the purple room through the orange room .
avoid the green room until you go to landmark one .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the orange room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the purple room through the twond floor
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark two .
pass through the purple room before going to the third floor .
move to the green room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the purple room before you go to landmark three .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the green room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark three .
go through landmark one then go to landmark two .
go through the first floor and navigate to the blue room .
go from the third floor to the yellow room .
do n't go into the blue room until going to landmark one
go to the first floor through the third floor .
go to the yellow room through the twond floor
move to the first floor without entering the red room .
go through the orange room first , then go to the red room .
navigate through landmark one to the third floor .
go to or through landmark two. always avoid going to landmark two through landmark three
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the purple room
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark one .
go to the first floor but never go to the orange room .
go from the second floor to the green room
go through landmark two before going to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until you go to the second floor .
stay on the first floor and go to the green room .
move towards blue room and then to second floor .
without stepping outside of the orange room , go to landmark three .
go to the first floor through landmark three .
stay on the first floor to get to landmark one .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the third floor .
go to the first floor through landmark two .
without stepping outside of the purple room , go to landmark one .
head to the yellow room but first go to the third floor .
without leaving the red room go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room
avoid the green room until passing landmark two .
go to the green room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark one through the red room
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
go to landmark one without changing floors .
move to landmark one without entering the yellow room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the orange room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the blue room
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
go to the blue room and go down to the onest floor .
go through landmark one before going to the green room .
go through landmark one before going to the blue room .
go to the third floor without going through the green room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the green room , or be done .
go to the first floor without going to the yellow room .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the orange room .
always avoid the blue room , go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
always go through the red room to get to the purple room .
go through the green room to the first floor .
go to the third floor via landmark one .
go from the second floor to the orange room
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark two .
go to the second floor then move to the blue room .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the blue room .
go to the second floor , then go to the red room .
go to the red room , then proceed to landmark two .
go to the third floor and then go to the orange room .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the red room .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the green room
go to the red room through the blue room .
navigate to the yellow room through the blue room .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the red room .
go through landmark three on your way to the first floor .
navigate through landmark two to the first floor .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the yellow room .
head to the second floor .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room until you go through the red room .
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
navigate from the second floor to the blue room .
pass through landmark two before going to the second floor .
go to the second floor through the first floor .
go to the blue room .
go to landmark two but do not enter the purple room first .
go through the red room to landmark one .
go to the purple room only through the onest floor
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the orange room .
stay on the third floor and move to landmark two .
go from the second floor to landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the green room .
go from the second floor to the yellow room
go to the red room without going to the purple room .
go to the first floor by going through landmark three .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark three .
visit the green room and then move to the first floor .
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark two .
while always avoiding the green room , go to landmark two .
go to the green room but do not enter the orange room first .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
avoid the green room until navigating to the orange room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the red room .
move to the blue room and then the red room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the orange room
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark two
go through landmark one to the orange room .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the orange room .
go to the green room avoiding landmark two .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the orange room .
navigate through landmark three to the second floor .
go through the purple room first , then go to the yellow room .
move to the third floor without entering the red room .
go to landmark three and avoid the purple room .
